my little reflex I added a denoiser filter but I don't know if that made this stream worse
hi reflex
mommy's right here she just had to wake up late because I was I was being a mommy and I was having to do a lot of work
strong is life to buy some any need
hello hello my little reflex
sh sh sh sh it's okay
mommy's here
sh sh sh hello little baby
I've put a little, um, a noise gate on the microphone, so hopefully the background noise isn't like the weight noise isn't too bad.
I, um, they don't cope well without you know, I don't cope well without my reflex.
I had to do some business last night, and there may or may not be a collab with another agency planned.
Um, do I spoil it? Do you want me to spoil the surprise? Because only, you only know what the surprise is if you're in this chat right now.
Also, please do check emotes for those of you who are on the emotes here.
I was able to add all 10 of my emotes, and I get to order 10 more, and I'm so excited to order the next batch of 10 emotes.
Um, I already have a few ideas, but yes, please.
I will try to be as relaxed as I can, but the problem is, I get so excited talking to you.
That basically, the ASMR goes out the window all the time, which is, there we go.
Yeah, there's your warning.
Uh, we are not doing hypnosis, uh, unfortunately.
Thank you very much, Nate Sterling, for becoming a free-fling member, dear.
Real dear. God, I need to change the name of that. It's like, so big.
Long-toe-mo-win. Ah, you leave my long-toes out of them, disclaimer's single.
But I'm going to try and be relaxing. Thank you, Jay, for becoming a member.
Thank you, Ken, Gwispy, for becoming a member.
I know I've got my hypnosis background.
I was originally going, ah, Brian.
Can you guys hear Brian?
Ah, Pachinka, thank you for the 5 gifted, hold on, let me get a stream of elements, oh.
Anonymous, thank you for the tip.
Wait. Anonymous is ice-tronning, hopefully your day is amazing.
It's just gone started, and since I can't just start with my reef links, it's going great.
Brian is very quiet, yes.
I didn't, I knew ASMR, so I turned Brian down, like, right away.
I can maybe foam up a little bit, but...
I have a quick question, how did you learn hypnosis?
I just observe. I want to get into it, but it's kind of intimidating.
Literally, I just observe. I absolutely love going, like, deep into things I don't know about,
and I've always had an interest in it, so I like to consume people's production, or whatever.
Zarian, ah, thank you for the 100.
Congrats on monetization years for some of that most, bro.
Zarian, that's a lot. Thank you.
Oh my god.
100 dollar tip, that's crazy.
100 centimeters, nah, that's not possible.
But Pachinka, thank you for the 5 gifted.
But yeah, I just really like challenging myself.
I always have a fascination in trying to understand why people like certain things.
I know that seems silly, but I do.
I just enjoy it, like, as much as I might tease the prep bros or something like that.
I just find it fascinating, I honestly do.
Like, what makes you, you know, what tickles your pickle is a challenge to me, and I accept it wholeheartedly.
But yeah, Secret Subject is an excellent feature, but Secret Subject is such a sweet heart.
She so willingly educates the masses about it, and like, I love that she doesn't like cakey bit or anything.
But like, everything that I do right now, or produce, is because of observations I've made.
Mangope, thank you.
She's learning from spells and empathizing.
It reminds me of someone.
Yeah, Secret is fantastic.
She's got a new feature, Bermuda, which is like a polygon design, like the older video games.
And I was tempted to get one for myself when I'm playing Nintendo DS games, because the graphics,
we're going to be playing a game called Dragon Quest Senators of the Stars, guys.
And obviously the graphics are Nintendo graphics, but I thought it would be cool if that model would match,
but I'd rather save the money and get it for the girls.
Like, I have very bad news for Shibi and Insura investors.
They will be getting a toggle that covers them up.
Me and Mercy did not upset...
Congrats to those who got the memberships with their face.
Me and Mercy's chests don't upset YouTube.
Insura and Shibi's chests has upset YouTube.
If you notice that A.C.'s trailer video has 30,000 views, that's because advertisement money was put into it.
Everyone had the same amount of advertisement money, except me.
I've never put the same amount on myself.
I actually don't think I've spent any on myself.
But Insura and Shibi were denied at running predominantly due to their chests.
Insura's ASMR short was denied, even though she's not doing a single thing wrong in it.
So sadly, at the moment, the girls are being very creative and doing a little thing.
Yes, I will say to the girls, they are welcome to use their toggles when they think the situation calls for it.
That's perfectly fine by me.
Yes, even the shorts, the girls weren't allowed.
Now that they're monetized, today, Mercy is doing her celebration, I believe.
So please do let her entertain you.
I'm probably going to be lurking her monetization.
Our thing is live.
AC is on Saturday.
Emmy, I don't know when Emmy wants to do it.
I mean, you know what? I'm going to DM her right now.
A-M-E-A-M-R-S just wanted to know when you plan, when you plan on doing your S-L-A-B-R-E-S-E on stream.
Just so I know when to remember S-L-A-B-R-S-E live.
And then I'll do a little, and before she's in the channel, and then I'll do a little head-butt.
Need a Mercedes.
She's so going to know how to type that live, there's no way.
Oh no, she's on mobile. She's on her phone, she can see.
Oh my god, the key clicking was in my head when my headphones, sorry.
Emmy was watching AC, okay.
Yes, Azura and Shibi, it is not lost on me that Azura and Shibi are waiting for monetization, and they both just happened to have the biggest boobs.
Feature for manager ASMR.
It's, I do like the boring stuff, like the kind of monotonous stuff where it's like, oh you need to open up membership to your type thing, and you need to do this and that.
Like, I try not to let the girls do that, because it's both stressful and it's both like, it takes time, and rather the girls focus on having fun at debut and all.
And then they're, well they're second week now.
Not bad, I wasn't expecting it to sound so real. That's cause they're for ya.
But they will get monetization nonetheless, right?
Well, we're waiting on it.
I think the AI detection is flagged to them, basically.
So a human does need to review them, which takes longer.
Let's just pray that we have like a weep that understands what an earth featuring is, cause if they get denied, I'm gonna be so...
I'm gonna be raging, I'm not even gonna lie.
I don't think there's gonna be issues, I think the AI has just sent them on to...
And... yeah.
Someone says you own your own tag at Realtary For now, let's go!
Weeps and YouTube headquarters, yeah.
They better...
Did you like my ASMR yesterday? Oh my god, I was outrageous.
I can't believe I even did that.
I got my tools out, I bet you liked that, didn't ya?
I was juicy.
I was pretty gay, great, but can you feel your teeth?
What, cause I liked it so much.
One of your friends had a Q&A, I wanted to send a message, but I was too scared to send one.
Hi Anna.
Do they not see who sent them or do they see if you send a message in front of them?
Thank you for the tip, Anna.
I don't know if you heard that, cause Brian is so nice and quiet.
Are marshmallow messages anonymous? Yes, that is why they are favoured by many.
One of my gen mates had a Q&A and you wanted to ask a question, but you were scared to send one.
Do they see you send some or you know we do not see a single thing?
Information-wise, it's just a question.
You can send them if you want, but... yeah.
Do they not see you send them or do they see if you send the message in the past? No.
I can vouch right now and say no, I cannot tell.
Someone could send me three questions in a row and change their spelling.
And I wouldn't know, so I'm looking confident here.
Hi Brian in the far distance.
I left work early to watch you, but guys, I hope you're okay and you feel better soon.
I like the measuring section. Now everyone knows I have long toes, what you can do about it.
But yes, please, so can you tell, based on spelling.
Well, you don't have to worry about me when it comes to spelling.
There's absolutely no way I can clock you other than if you send a...
I recognise that girl.
Sitting on your feet again.
I'm Gollum sitting right now, so my feet are in front of me and pushed into the chair.
She's learning the pattern. No, I cannot do that.
I do, I'll let the girl talk about it, but there's one girl, a vealer, that does recognise text.
Monka Ace, I don't know how her brain does it, but yeah.
We were close to having a cats and ace workshop.
You've got to see Kim Lee.
And then I go, that's where we learned Kim Lee.
How's your daughter?
Yeah, I'm going to get a doctor's appointment, something's not right.
Someone was like, you need to sue, and I was like, nah, it's just what happens.
It's kind of a risk you accept, because it's a job shop.
You can get like, sorry, I need to scratch my head, my head says sin, or my headset and then...
It's just the thing.
Watching you during my collab lecture.
I'm in your ears.
Look left, look right, I might be in the lecture audience right now.
I know that's not how it works, but get educated, get educated.
Please do go to the doctor.
Yeah, don't worry, I am.
Someone sent me a marshmallow, and I was like, okay, you've convinced me, so don't worry, I've got a doctor's appointment coming up.
Someone says, very nice celebration.
Sorry, I'm reading marshmallows.
I'm so, so sleepy, wifling.
I was up solely, I've only had five hours sleep.
I'm probably going to go back to sleep, but yeah.
I was planning all these fun things, and making a lot of progress.
My ASMR series is about to start up.
My thank you for eggs subscriber series is about to start, and I have no idea what to edit first.
My first thing was going to be ear licking, but that's not allowed anymore.
And I did a pop rock ear licking, and that's not going to be allowed.
So, I have no idea.
I do have burping ASMR, I may make that.
I have like thigh cupping, I have like sitting on the mic ASMR, like I sit on it over and over again.
You're almost at 5K up here or not, you guys are showing too much support.
Thank you Lord of Stars for becoming a member.
But yeah, I do have like sitting on the mic ASMR, I was squatting so hard.
I have like clapping without using my hands ASMR, so that's going to be interesting.
But I'll probably edit all that stuff, you heard her hit 5K right now.
Stop being so amazing and perfect then.
Too much support, literally, but like, don't be, get subscribed, get subscribed, get subscribed.
So many ASMRs, yes, I have a long day to think of it.
Clapping without using your hands, oh yeah.
But Jane, thank you for the day.
No matter what you do for ASMR, I will enjoy you, even the burp ASMR.
I took a bottle of water, a bottle of water, and a can of cola in the ASMR booth.
I'm basically chocked in to produce burps for burping ear to ear ASMR.
I think it will be like 14 minutes long.
I need to order the artwork of me being pregnant with you because I want to make that ASMR.
I want to make it really good, I want to put all my love into it, especially the burp ASMR.
Suffering from success.
It's funny how you're giving the people what they need and what they want, yeah.
I made a joke and it was like the average featureber would do it behind all paywall me.
I come out swinging doing it week one, what are you going to do about it?
Huh?
What are you going to do about it?
That baby, literally me, the father, literally me.
Hello?
The what?
That's right.
I'm making an ASMR where I'm pregnant with you and you're the father.
And there's nothing you can do about it.
You had my curio saved but now you have my ditch.
You can't stop the cut-offs.
No you can't.
Oh forget, I have my supposed to read that name.
I have my supposed to say your name.
Wait, thank you for becoming a member.
Let's go on Google Translate real quick.
Google Translate.
Let's go.
What's the translation?
Apparently the translation is vacuum.
Thank you vacuum for becoming a member.
Maybe Joby Stroni ASMR.
Oh yeah, no 100%.
I'm going to do like a girlfriend forgets to mute her mic while she's eating.
So obviously it's only for people who like eating sounds because I inhale my food.
So I'm going to order like KFC and then basically just head recording.
There we go.
God bless this woman.
Also the baby and the father.
Literally me.
Average VTuber asking for 10 bucks to save me.
I mean, Milt Stroni put them grippers on the table from the start.
Hey, I will even value for money, okay?
Little Slurping ASMR.
Yeah.
Someone says Kuhaku.
Kuhaku Google Translate means real cool.
Kuhaku, thank you for the membership.
Hold on, I can't even see if I'm picking the audio or not.
I watched some VTuber data here.
Well, ASMR is helping me to sleep.
I'm glad.
We're having a very relaxed ASMR.
A.C.
My gen mate, you can click the link in the description.
She has been killing it with ASMR recently.
She's been doing so good.
So if you like live ASMR, that's extra cuddly and a little bit sus.
Please do check your A.C. Snowballs in the description below.
My little reef links.
Thank you all so much for the support you've been showing the girls.
It just is so much.
It means so much that you even give them a chance.
Everyone has their favorite little feeler girl.
Or some of you can't even decide, which is so adorable.
It's just been...
Wait, did I say thank you, bitch?
I can't go for the super chat.
Thank you.
I'm so sorry if I didn't.
I got stream elements open so I can see anything I miss.
But yeah, thank you.
He did admit it, I can't say.
Spicy hot slurping ASMR.
So I follow in real life ASMRists.
And they also got it with a warning for ear licking.
So yeah, my theory that YouTube has done a stales policy update
is getting stronger and stronger by the second.
In real life channels are now getting hit as well.
So, oh, I just cracked my freaking wrist if you heard that.
That was so loud.
Hello, thank you for joining me.
Shh, shh, shh, shh.
Hypnotize the drill ASMR or I'd like to make that a little bit cute.
I came for you but they all seem great.
They are so fantastic and they're each in an individual way.
Like, I'm so glad that one girl can like speak to you.
Let's get the tinfoil hats since you're true candy when you're licking.
Yeah, I think I'll just get them out by Twitter premium.
So I get Brian, ReluctantlySaint, thank you for the tip.
ReluctantlySaint says the towers are so wonderfully amazing.
It's hard not to love them all.
It's literally impossible.
But yes, I think I will buy Twitter premium.
And I'll just upload those ear licking videos that I recorded.
And I'll also put them on Patreon just like for storage so you can listen at any time, okay?
Because it seems a shame to like waste those recorded sessions.
For Twitter premium, let's make upload like full videos.
So I'll just put it on like for free and all that.
Give it a lot of money.
Look, I don't have a chance I got to defeat you for a shuffle, okay?
You just crack it down and ruin it forever. You're ruining it.
Do you guys want me to put you in between my thighs?
That's your in between my thighs right now.
Okay, do you like it? Do you want to be in between my thighs forever?
Oh, sorry, I'm picking the mic.
Okay, you just stay in between my thighs.
That 3G, oh, literally, I got you in a headlock.
There's nothing we can do about it.
We're a watermelon, honestly.
Bansley.
Yes, we can link Bansley on YouTube, that's not allowed.
Please crush my school.
I feel like all the platforms are going over the top filtering.
Yes, I agree, it's getting ridiculous.
My enjoyers are being fed.
Could you imagine?
How good you are at ASMR sounds from my cardboard?
Don't be a stop-at, don't be a troll, box enthusiast.
Thank you for the neat tip.
Don't be so silly.
You're just trying to upset me, Mr. Cardboard Box, aren't you?
Well, the funny thing is, Twitter just announced that they officially acknowledged and accept that kind of content.
And I was like, wait a minute, but this is good for us, this is based.
But yes, you can't stop the reeflings, I can know.
Watermelons in your neighborhood, now you're reeflings.
You'll always be my reeflings.
I had to wait an entire year to call you reeflings, okay?
I'm actually going to make, I think I may have said this, I can't remember if I have or not.
I am going to make a reprogramming hypnosis ASMR where I get you to forget your name and make you respond to reefling.
And it's going to be a subconscious plant.
So it will always be effective unless, sorry, that was my hot water bottle if you heard it.
Unless you listen to my audio that reverses any permanent effects, it's going to be my permanent effect.
First audio is you are reefling, you will respond to reefling, and you are mine and owned by me.
But I am a merciful streamer and you're more than welcome to be part of other communities,
such as Snippets and HeroM and all that, I don't have a problem.
The reprogramming, yes, I do have a reprogramming audio, it will be available very shortly.
The funny thing is, I'm going to upload it before I even upload any permanent effect hypnosis.
Just to be super super safe and everyone knows where to crop it.
Don't need hypnosis for that, I already forgot my name, I don't need, I can reprogram, can reprogram, can reprogram.
Yes, shh, shh, can reprogram.
Good to know we'll have it from the start.
I already responded to Riefling, did ya?
I think that's so adorable.
You're such a good Riefling, aren't ya?
So well-behaved for me.
I love that you're a good boy for me.
And I love that we can tease each other
and just have a really good day.
Yeah, I'm my kid mommy.
Oh, no, mommy. I said mommy.
I read mommy in the chat.
This is why I can't read into ASMR the same day.
Thank you, sir. Okay.
Thank you for the consideration.
Oh, yeah, no, I'm educated enough to know a permanent effect.
Hypnosis, I don't. I think it's very dangerous too.
Pachinga, thank you for the 10.
Super chat, we accept our stinky overlord.
It's not in my budget to support both on-paperture
and membership.
What do you recommend?
Please note, I always have free content always coming out as well
on my alternative to whatever I do have plans.
Please don't worry.
There'll always be free streams and free audios of that variety.
If you prefer a live stream experience,
then YouTube membership, if you prefer a audio,
edited audio experience, where the ending you are supposed to ink.
Definitely check out my Patreon.
The link is in the description.
Oh, I just went sniffing ASMR.
Oh, a replay.
Oh, I know, sniffing is limited ads.
Oh, I'm so sorry, sniffing is limited ads.
I completely forgot.
I don't know why, but sniffing ASMR is also considered like gratifying content.
So I can't really do sniffing.
Yeah, I don't know what is going on at YouTube headquarters,
but something funky and sus is going on.
I don't know of all things.
I know, I honestly, I don't understand.
There's a hidden policy update going on.
They've not announced it.
I think the reason they're not announced it
is because so many people enjoy ASMR.
Zenbros, yeah, I don't know why.
All of A.C.'s streams are limited ads.
I don't know what she's getting up to in her streams.
But it's definitely not looking good.
Now, YouTube have reverted policies before,
so I'm going to hope that they do.
AceDia.
Oh my God, I can't say that name.
There's too many vowels in your name.
AceDia.
Thank you for the membership.
That's not why you say that.
AceDia.
I am so sorry.
I'm absolutely picturing your name.
At the street, YouTube will be only ASMR.
Ace does not stay safe.
Oh, okay, well, alright.
I mean, I can't do a few things here and there.
As long as no one says a thing.
I'm a girl.
I know I'm not the main demographic by La Vie La.
Oh, I'm so glad you're going to enjoy it.
We are...
It's like, I'm not going to lie and say that, you know,
guys pay my bills, so I'll appeal to you guys.
But I'm glad you're going to enjoy the alert for what it's worth.
My lips are sealed.
If your lips are sealed, then maybe,
just maybe we can get up to a few shenanigans,
because reflex when we shenan once,
you know we're going to shenan again.
Ace's YouTube streams are very...
Okay, I'll take your word for it, Evelyn.
Yeah, snitches get stitches.
Don't think I won't send any on you.
Do you think that book is just for resurrection spells?
That book, oh dear.
That book is nothing but trouble.
The things that Emmy can do to you is staggering.
I'll say Emmy on you, okay?
Lips are completely sealed.
Good.
You're going to shenan again.
Yeah.
Wait, can you really hypnotize people?
Well, in my other ASMR stream,
I think I managed to get quite a few.
I'm not doing hypnosis right now, though,
but I do have some hypnosis audios coming out in the plan.
I wonder if Andy and Lili was an inspiration for Emmy's lore?
No.
I had not actually played or consumed the game
when Emmy was conceptualized.
She was conceptualized in June last year.
The reason why Emmy is Emmy is because
I'm a massive fucking pro con.
Yeah, all the girls may or may not have been
mainly influenced by what I like.
I came to say this, but Emmy is everything.
If I had a later voice, I am not even kidding.
If I had a later voice, Emmy is exactly who
I would want to be as a content creator.
The lore, the oni-chan,
but I don't have a late voice, so I can't be Emmy.
Ms. Morgan, thank you for becoming a member.
Your hypnosis eyes animation is so unique.
It's so good.
Like, wow.
Oh, I think I need to get a little closer.
Don't worry, I'm not hypnotizing you this stream.
What? Sorry.
Um, but yeah.
If you really want to, like...
I'm not hypnotizing you, don't worry.
But yeah, that's my...
And I can also stack them
if you wanted a bigger focal point to focus on.
So it's kind of like a hidden spiral.
Or, like this.
This is like very big, basic.
But yeah.
I will utilize these.
Wow, I'm like really close.
Is this too close?
Do I need to be further away?
Or do you like seeing my teeth?
Your eyes are so pretty. Thank you.
I love that all of us at VLR have unique pupils.
My...
It's a very nice distance.
Okay.
I'll stay here then.
My bangs are slightly transparent.
Yeah, do you like seeing my eyebrows?
Can you see my ears a little bit?
Yeah.
Get to some of my ear.
Wow.
I promise I won't do any hypnotizing permanent events.
I will.
An apple in a box.
Thank you for the tip.
I think everyone should start manually breathing.
What have you done?
What have you unleashed upon these lands?
Unleashed upon these lands?
I dare you.
Speaking of AC.
Hi, AC.
Who's my adorable little feral?
Merikisukaki.
What was AC doing in her stream?
I don't know.
I know you AC did back-to-back ASMR.
So do check out AC.
I also...
I'm going to spoil something because you're here.
AC, don't worry.
You don't have to talk because you'll be tired after stream.
There's going to be a collab ASMR channel on AC's channel.
Of all the viewer girls.
And it's freaking adorable.
And I love it.
And I can't wait.
I can't wait.
Post up quietly.
Post up quietly.
AC played Tim Raider.
Oh, that's fantastic.
I hope you guys enjoyed your Tim Raider.
More like Whim Raider when I'm done with her.
Thank you, my Yari, for becoming a member.
And thank you, Boy, for the...
Oh, my voice cracked.
Thank you, Boy, for the five gifted memberships.
Thank you, Boy, congrats to those who got the memberships.
You will have to exit the chat.
Or is that loud?
That's not too loud, is it?
I can hear that little bloop.
That bloop isn't loud, right?
No.
Oh, it's quiet.
Thank you so much.
It's really funny.
She raged a lot, but she was adorable.
She's so adorable.
Kusugaki.
That's missing from your life.
I love her accent so much.
Hi, Roller.
Thank you for the...
Pardon me.
Thank you for the super jab.
Any plans to do scripted ASMRs?
For the video tab for people who can't get to the streams?
Yes, hi, Roller.
I am so happy to say those uploads start today.
Oh, my tummy's rumbling.
My first meme ASMR is ready to be posted.
I am going to post it today.
And I also owe you, yes, you, listening right now,
four ASMR videos because for every 1,000...
For every 1,000 subscribers,
I will be uploading one celebration ASMR video,
all of different ideas, different tingles, different varieties.
And that starts today.
And for the replayings who are worried about
filtering, I already told you my master plan.
So don't worry.
I already know what happens next.
I filtered myself for you.
I had a year to plan our thing together.
I made sure to do it accordingly.
Yeah.
Thank you, Stroni, for bringing feeler into existence.
The gift of AC is something I'll never be able to play.
Replay, replay.
Thank you for everything.
Uchi-san, that's amazing.
I'm glad you can link AC.
You are definitely Uchi-san levels,
but if you're really good, AC may even call you daddy in her accent.
Thank you, Iki-to-emo no kuchi for becoming a member.
And thank you, Funky, for becoming a member.
Thank you very much.
Just as a reminder for members,
membership streams start next week
because the schedule for this week was pretty locked in.
And I just had a few background things.
I need to finish, but I'm like 100% sure.
By week three, I am officially-
I have no responsibilities of feeler,
and I am so freaking happy.
I'm gonna be lurking because I'm not workiest
where your audio sets so hard.
Have you ever thought about hypnotizing another girl a feeler?
She's welcome to listen to any of my audios at will.
I will not stop any of the girls,
but I would want to condition them to be a bit different.
Maybe not condition them to respond to replay,
but instead to let me make a certain audio with them.
Of my C theme of a right egg,
can you imagine?
C theme hypnosis on one of my daughters.
Oh, I-
Mommy, tomorrow, all the vehicular girls are together.
I'm so excited for a collab together.
Special shout out to MarySafe for streaming so early,
as Sarah for being early,
and me for being early,
she be for being early,
and I see for being later.
I- like, it's so hard to pick a time zone,
and I was like,
if you guys do me this favor and do it at my regular stream time,
I will repay you in more shorts.
If Johnny was streamed responsibly in 12 hours a day,
are you supposed to keep up after the third week?
Oh, that's the fun part.
The third week has four days of Elden Ring insurance streams,
because we need to play the DLC together.
Yeah, we have back to back to back to back
insurance streams on the third week,
because of Elden Ring.
Oh.
Curious, are you gonna do any non-gendered content?
I am so sorry.
I do he-him content,
and I apologize greatly.
I-
I don't want to say it simply gets harder to make the alternative content,
and thus, I make he-him.
I'm very sorry if that filler issue,
I completely understand if you no longer wish to watch,
because of that fact.
I don't know what the other girls were planning,
but I do know the name of some ASMR artists
that make female content.
One of them is a fan car ASMR, I believe.
She makes female for female content.
What's near last stream?
Congrats on monetization.
Thank you.
I'll start in your character with me.
Yeah.
Time to not sleep for a week.
Basically, week three is Elden Ring together,
and I'm gonna have my heart rate monitor
and a shock collar on,
and every time,
I cause us leaflings to lose the fight.
You guys get to shock me, basically,
and then on week four,
we're doing landscape endurance to get 99,
because I want to get 99 cooking,
and I will get it.
So, I believe on week four,
I will also tell you what movies we're doing,
watch alongs of,
so you guys can download it,
and I'll do the thing where I timestamp it on screen and all that.
Yeah, I watched some already, still enjoying your other content.
Yo, thank you so much.
I appreciate that,
and thank you for your understanding, surrounding it.
Mommy also sponsors other ASMRs.
You're so base.
I just want everyone to be,
I've literally forgotten to do tingles.
I'm just whispering at this point.
I just want everyone to be able to enjoy the content they consume,
and if that means I can help you find the person that speaks to you,
that Oshi,
or that person you really enjoy,
because like,
wait until I get done this rabbit hole, okay?
PS, thank you for the refling that encouraged me,
and marshmallow to go down all the rabbit holes I desire.
I will yank your ear off,
unapologetically from now on.
So, because of the way society is set up,
humans naturally need a face after work,
or after doing stressful situations.
A face can include alcohol,
a face can include smoking,
a face can include recreational drugs,
a face can include YouTubers,
feedubers, ASMR.
You should not be ashamed of what you need
to help you get through the day.
Humans are not set up for the society
that we are currently living in right now,
and I will scream that from the rooftops
to not ever be embarrassed at all
for what you need to do to get through the day.
A face is also music.
You may listen to Mongolian throat singing.
I will not judge you for listening to Mongolian throat singing, okay?
So, that is why I am not a jealous feature bird.
I want you to thrive.
I want your health to be as best as it can be,
if that means after work,
instead of watching a vote of mine.
For example, you watch another creator.
I am happy.
You are able to de-stress yourself.
You are able to regulate your nervous system.
You are able to look after yourself, okay?
Think of yourself like a Sims.
You unironically have bars of needs,
and what happens to a Sim when you ignore their needs?
Well, they start to lose it.
They start to have these unfortunate side effects.
They start to struggle with life.
They cannot function.
They cannot follow orders, okay?
So, please understand.
If you think to yourself right now,
Strawny, I don't think you're the one for me.
I implore you, my dear watcher.
Please check out the other VLR girls.
They may vibe with you better.
If you like brats who are jealous quick,
you may enjoy AC Snow Paws.
If you enjoy unhinged, unapologetic memos,
you may enjoy my M.A.B. Sue, okay?
If you love someone that has a similar personality to me,
but isn't me, my God, you're gonna love Sheebie Cottonbomb.
If you want to feel little, and you want to feel small,
you want to feel cared for, you want to feel appreciated,
and you want to hear the most sexy voice in all the land,
assuredly, if you want someone who can be energetic,
it's so fun, it's so just perfect, and our default laugh,
our laugh is natural, then you may love Mercy Moddies, okay?
And I'm just getting so happy talking about them,
I'm forgetting to whisper.
Please check them out in the description, okay?
Please, they deserve it.
They deserve a chance, the chance that you have given me,
give to them, okay?
Thank you, dear watcher.
Ah, the girls may struggle trying to watch everyone.
Yes, but those indulges so strong, yes.
Please indulge in my daughters at will.
I like virtual abuse, I can't deny it, yes.
Is there a new audio?
Wow!
What the heck?
Thank you for the 100, oh my God, reluctantly saying that's a lot of money.
Still no idea how so much awesome is contained in one cut of fish.
We adore your last and will pass it to the doors, thank you.
I really appreciate that.
Did I catch you off-guard?
Yeah, but you were distracted, weren't you?
Distracted by that no-no-by reluctantly saying, huh?
I completely caught you off-guard.
Did that cinch ever stand your spain?
Reef-laying, are you that sensitive?
That's adorable.
You can't fill us with emotional speech and then backstabbing.
But thank you again for the 100, yes.
You caught me killed in destiny, shivers through everything.
You made me die in Isaac.
Speaking of backstabber, did you know that backstabber is an item you can pick up in Isaac
which deals double damage to enemies if your tear goes on the back of them?
So if you have things like tiny planet, which rotates tears around you, it's quite effective,
but you kinda need the distance, you caught me-
I'm not reading that out.
Almost sent me over the edge.
10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5.
Now I'm decent, we're not doing that.
That's for the membership streams.
I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
Oh my god.
I'm kidding.
Reef-laying.
Don't be silly.
The painting of Isaac mentioned.
Never thought that Isaac combo, all the card.
You're kidding, but is she really?
What do you guys think about the emotes?
Has anyone found the secret to my emotes yet?
They're nostalgic.
I'm gonna get thy grip and stuff.
Every girl is doing great and they're really awesome, I'm happy.
I cannot even put into words how much amazing experience to have them.
It's just insane.
It's honestly insane.
I cannot believe the girls even applied.
And then they put up with my Scottish ass in the interview.
My interview technique is so unprofessional, it's not even funny.
I need to grind and RuneScape to help my main cooking supplies.
We have an insurance stream.
I'm just gonna yap and do Marshmallow, Queer, U.S. Jens during the RuneScape stream.
So feel free, I'll do a tweet about answering questions during the RuneScape.
I'm sure it'll lead me down some rubber holes.
Just realized Ronnie would do bleep damage.
I like painting things.
This is your warning.
You're in or you're out, refling.
Oh, hydration check, I've not had any liquid today.
All gone, daddy.
Okay, maybe I should actually clean your ears a little.
Debate marks show people that you own us.
Good girl.
Thank you.
I may or may not have drunk in so much whiskey.
Oh, you need to be careful, whiskey'll get you drunk.
Although, if there's any Belgian slurking, Belgian beer gets you drunk.
I had one Belgian beer and I was tipsy.
I didn't even finish it.
I was tipsy.
I'm like so late.
Late, wait, wait, what's that term?
Late, wait, wait, that's not the term.
I'm so late, wait, I can hardly handle alcohol.
What the heck is that word?
Late, wait, why is my drink?
Late, wait, oh, just dropped the E.T.
Okay, sorry, I'm so late, wait, drinker.
Wait, why is that so confusing?
It's late, wait.
Those three words, if I stand up, my desk will come with me.
I love so much catching you guys off guard.
I don't know why it's so satisfying.
Like, I can be so wholesome talking to you.
Like, saying all these, like, just talking in general.
And then I come up with three words and you're gone.
Like, ah, don't give me that power.
Don't do it.
It's over for both of us if you give me that power.
The less you wait, the drunker you get.
I don't even know how much I wait.
I wonder if you guys can really pinch press me.
Are you planning on making role-play audios in the future?
Yes.
I have a role-play coming out.
It's a meme though, but the other ones are role-plays.
But I have a meme role-play.
Yeah, the both of us, me and you, we fling.
It was over before we began.
I could deadlift you for sure.
I can branch press you with ease.
Can't pinch press, can't pinch press, can't pinch press.
Someone sent me a very naughty, naughty marshmallow.
They were like...
They were like, I go to the gym so I can pinch you.
Into a wall.
And I'll leave it at that.
I'm afraid you had that power all along.
Nice.
I probably can't pinch press you, but I can do a different press.
I have crushed a watermelon between my thighs.
You'll be much different.
The inspiration to get more fat.
I go to the gym for the Phil Nelson.
You'll never guess why I'm so flexible, really.
I'd say you can Nelson me.
I brushy brushy your ear.
Okay, let me check marshmallows.
My little marshmallows.
Have I got a new one?
Wow.
I've been massively into hypnosis for ages now,
but I've never been able to find someone who's voice I love.
And now I finally get someone who's both a nurses streamer.
And I can watch for Arizona in long story short.
Thanks. Keep doing what you're doing.
You're doing amazing. Thank you.
I honestly thought my Scottish accent would be a bit of a barrier,
but I am very glad to hear it now.
Feels good, man.
That's right, you are falling under my spell.
You're not, you're not, you're not.
I was wondering if there's an official public Twitter list.
No, you have to go find the alternative twitters.
We can't link to them.
Against the rules.
Sorry.
I didn't, I didn't create the game.
I just play it, okay?
So the girls can't link to the alternatives.
Sorry.
Just check who the girls follow on Twitter.
Thank you.
Someone says, have I done professional voice acting?
No.
Do I sound like I do professional voice acting?
What do you even do when you go to a meeting?
Like, what even occurs?
I assume they tell you what vocal warm-ups are.
Like...
Or something like that.
Donate the player, I hate the game.
Yeah.
I wonder if I can get double hypnotized.
Can you say burglary?
I haven't.
I wonder, can we get one stream without someone asking for a purple burglary alarm?
But yes, I can say it, but if I'm in my heavy accent,
then...
Wait, can I whisper into a heavy accent?
Purple burglary.
Hala!
It's funny because right now they're all some more followers than their mates.
Oh, we know what the people want, we give it for free.
When other VTubers are being greedy, free.
Come home, viewer.
Reject capitalism.
Reject corporate greed.
We'll look after you, even if you don't give us a penny.
Shhh, it's okay, I know, I know it's a hard concept.
Did I talk about that on my 2.0?
Someone was like, feeler is gonna fail because of the 80-20 split.
And it's like, oh you poor sweet summer child.
You are so deep that you can't imagine a successful business without corporate greed.
Shhh, it's okay, it's okay, you've been brainwashed.
I'll undo the damage.
And together, we've got a city to burn.
We're gonna wipe the dust out of everyone.
The whole world will no longer be.
Okay, that's it, we're watching Fate Club again.
You wonder why Fate Club is one of my favorite movies.
Not just because of the race-nove plot.
It sounds like Silverheart based.
It's joining Hypnosis Stream, breaking capitalism,
mind-washing you to show you you can be successful without greed.
Yes.
I'm glad we got based.
Encourage people to give when they already get a taste.
277 playthrough, I've never actually played the game.
I'd like to try it together.
Never seen Fate Club or we're watching it again, baby.
We are watching Fate Club again.
Hammer and Scythe, oh no, that's actually,
I am going to take you about region-locked capitalism.
So before capitalism, there's this thing called Fatuism.
I can't remember it.
But basically, it's just region-locked capitalism.
It's freaking crazy.
I wanna do a massive deep dive into it.
And like seriously, if you start learning about history
and how humans were before,
the quicker we are all going to get a farm together
and all the reflicks come on the farm with me.
And we have chickens.
And we have protein from the eggs of the chickens.
And we grow our own produce.
And we realize quickly that you need community to survive.
Because if you are telling, sorry, I'm going down the rebel,
you're telling me that all these companies are recording record profits.
And we're going to cause the living crisis.
But it's not artificial.
And all the farmers say that nothing has changed in their production line.
Hell yeah, we've got a city of burn.
We're going to do it right fucking there.
Oh, don't get me started.
Don't do it briefly.
Calm.
Keep me calm, refling.
Keep me calm.
It's okay.
It's okay.
Just a question, can you watch movies on membership streams?
Boy, you are getting spoiled for that.
I absolutely love sharing movies.
And watching them for the first time.
I'm going to be watching Austin Powers for the first time.
Cause you guys are drawing me.
Saying that Fond de la Buseau is an Austin Powers enemy name.
So we're watching Austin Powers for the first time.
Um, yeah.
We love when you go Gremlin mode.
It's okay, Strani. You'll get on one day.
Yeah.
Feral aggressive ASMR.
Well, I did bait in the ear ASMR.
Like actually grivelling at the mic and bait in the ear.
But it's going to have to be a Twitter video.
Uh, your infantry anti-capitalist ASMR with soft kisses.
Yeah.
See, wait until you get further into the rabbit hole.
So on an individual scale, it's good to not be in debt.
For the way that the economy is set up.
They want you to be in debt.
And wait until you're the kicker.
Mortgages, 30 year, 25 year mortgages.
Or just normalize debt.
You don't own that house.
For 25 years, for 30 years, you're in debt.
We need to bring back multi-generational households.
Okay.
That needs to be brought back.
But they aren't going to let you do that.
Why do you think one business on 60% of the fricking proper ace in America
How can I listen?
Okay, shh, ASMR, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, ASMR.
Relax.
It's okay.
I can't tell if I'm saying it's okay for you, refling, or it's okay for me to calm down.
You know what, listen to my heart.
It's time to listen to my heart so you can hear how fricking serious I am.
Right, are you ready?
Oh, let me, I'm lifting up my hoodie for you, refling.
It's okay, refling.
Let's go on a journey together.
We'll go on a farm, alright?
And I'll be over a farm.
And we'll have chickens.
And we'll have ducks.
Because ducks are good for eating slugs and bugs that are the crops.
And there'll be a big pond.
And the ducks will be so happy.
And we can go on a big walk around the farm.
And I'll show you all my seed collection because it'll be so big.
And I get to grow nasturtials.
I get to put nasturtials all around the garden.
And there'll be so many bees.
Lots of bees.
And bugs.
Maybe, just maybe we may even have honey bugs.
And we'll grow lots of native flowers that are good for all the wildlife.
And there'll be birds.
And cami will come.
And we'll have lots of magpie families.
And in the end, everything will be okay, refling.
Because it always works out in the end.
Doesn't it?
It took me a year to get here.
To get back to where we were.
And here we are.
All the stress.
The worry.
The doubt.
The doubt if I could even be here.
And we did it.
We did it.
It took us so long.
I hope it feels like it was no time at all.
And I didn't take long.
And it was a blink of an eye.
No more waiting.
No more yearning.
Me and you.
To the man.
I wish I had made you sooner.
Oh, don't worry.
I am strong in cuddles.
And you are my refling.
And that is all we need.
It feels good to be home.
Feels good to be home.
My little refling.
I love you.
Okay, next.
I need to milk you.
You're being so patient.
I hope you stay for a long time.
Have you got three years?
I think I've got three years.
You are my favorite person.
I love you.
You can't keep getting away with that.
I love you too.
Let me pet your other ear.
What was that at the end?
Nothing.
What happens after three years?
I don't know.
I just thought...
I don't know.
I don't know what happens.
We don't have to think about that now, okay?
You have me for the next 100.
She's gonna evolve.
I could, if you want.
Or, if you want, what we pretend to be.
And who will pretend to be A.C.
And my new persona.
Hello, guys.
I'm A.C. Snow Falls.
And today, we are going to...
Do ASMR.
What? I'm not strannic couples.
Stop calling me strannic couples.
I'm not strannic.
I don't even know who that is.
I can't really do a lighter voice.
Light eyes.
Light eyes.
Light strannic couples.
Monster HMC.
Thank you for becoming a member.
Oh, the bread's really evolving to biblically accurate strannic.
Oh my god, that's so adorable.
That urge to A.
Are you gonna ink to my RP?
Free-flying?
Even I admit that's a bit general.
What was cute when I tried to pretend to be A.C.?
I would need to watch more of A.C.'s streams.
To mimic her accent.
But I really fell in love with A.C.'s accent.
Sorry, my voice is a bit damaged.
So it's harder for me to talk.
Why am I roleplaying as Casey?
Have you missed me?
Did you watch my Tomb Raider stream?
Wait.
You didn't watch my Tomb Raider stream, A.C.
But you only watched my ASMR?
You don't like me, do you, A.C.?
You disgust me.
If you were a real A.C., you'd watch everything.
But you don't.
You forget to subscribe to me.
You forget to like the streams, A.C.
I think you need punishment.
Yes.
A.C. sun.
Sit on the floor.
Open your legs, A.C. sun.
What do you mean?
What am I doing with my boot?
I'm punishing you, A.C. sun.
Is that weird to roleplay as my genmys?
I think that's a bit odd.
I think that was rather odd with me.
I'm not sure if that was weird.
A.C. will laugh at that.
I hope so.
Sorry, my voice is very broken.
Whenever I do ASMR, my voice gets so broken.
I think A.C. will like your jokes on you.
I'm into that.
Turned an issue beyond the hint.
Mercy next.
Oh, Mercy, I can't do it.
Surprise!
Surprise!
She's so energetic.
Hypnotized to believe I'm A.C.
I wonder what TV is, audio I could make.
It's called voice acting.
Anyway, thank you A.C. for coming on stream.
I do appreciate that.
This is exactly why A.C. streams.
Can you?
I can't believe it.
I pretend I'm A.C.
and I already...
I'm already getting my thoughts new.
Who are you and what have you done with Strani?
I'm back.
All flower is gone.
When will we see?
You're late again.
So I'm to die for and proud Edwards army.
Can you do a Strani couple's impression?
Why do you think A.C. redirected into me?
I am A.C.
I am A.C.
I am A.C.
I almost just made a noise if you heard that.
I am A.C.
I am A.C.
I am Mercy.
They're all me.
Don't you get it?
I win.
You lose.
I love you, Strani.
I'll catch up with the Vots since I love the ASMR.
Thank you, Tainee, Spani.
Let's see if you remember how to say my name this time.
Oh god, I'm so sorry.
Tainee, Spani.
Tainee, Spani.
Spain, E.
Tainee, Spani.
Thank you for the tips.
I love the ASMR content.
Please, let's see if you remember.
OBS, let's see if you remember.
Tainee, Spain, E.
I am Fielder.
I wish I could do a manic laughter right now.
Tainee, Spain, E.
I am Fielder.
I wish I could do a manic laughter right now.
Sorry, that was quite loud.
D'you even hear my heartbeat?
D'you even hear my heartbeat?
You remembered.
I'm so proud of you.
D'you even hear my heartbeat?
You remembered.
I'm so proud of you.
Yeah.
Have you ever seen us in the same stream together?
No, you haven't.
My beloved skizzle cutouts!
Yay!
Skizzle mode.
We're gaining your personality,
any pieces identified.
Onee-chan.
Onee-chan.
Listen, I can tell us.
Onee-chan.
Onee-chan.
I love you, Onee-chan.
I missed you.
I can't do it. Why is it so hard?
Let's go.
Let's go again.
There's no way I can do Isara.
Hello?
No.
Isara is too low for me.
She's so far too low.
Well...
I'm trying to mimic her accent as well,
because she has a...
It's not on me.
I only use my brain cells to calibrate onee, you see?
Give me a sentence for Isara to say.
Oh dear, bleeding hearts.
It's been so long.
My voice is cracking,
but I'm kind of there.
You've done me so well,
as a goddess waiting.
It's not that.
Hey sweetie.
Yeah, Isara is impossible.
You sound like you're dying.
You sound like you're dying trying to mimic your tone.
I've missed you.
My bleeding.
My voice is a bit too soft.
I apologise.
You can't just build on each unguard.
Oh, it's like literally my top one kick.
I'm like, it's like, that has to be tier one for me.
What would the second be?
The other whole, yeah.
Yeah.
Try Sheebie.
Try.
Sheebie's deeper than me, I think.
I can't do Sheebie.
Have you been a good boy?
That's not how Sheebie says.
It's because she's a deeper tone.
I'm so sorry.
Wait, what did Sheebie say?
Oh, Heron.
Oh, Heron.
Oh, Heron.
Oh, I can't do it.
She'd be from Wish.
You don't fuck you.
You need to call a trash.
You are trash.
Nothing but trash.
Mercy.
Mercy.
Mercy's higher pitched than me.
Senpai's like misty so much.
Senpai.
My voice is cracking on the giggle.
Oh, that's pretty bad,
cracking on the giggle.
Senpai's.
Did you miss me, Senpai's?
I'm not even going to pretend that I can do any Vietnamese.
Try her Yandere laugh.
Wait, I'll lower my volume.
I'll see if I can do it in the same laugh like Mercy.
Okay.
There we go.
Igor, thank you for the...
Wait a minute, Igor, aren't you from my puzzle stream?
Remember when Yumi confessed that she pooped herself before the stream?
That was just strong, even.
Thank you for the 5, Igor.
I'm pretty sure you're from that puzzle game, because I see rated into me.
And then everyone started saying Igor, and I was like, what the heck is Igor?
And then everyone said it was from the puzzle game.
And I was like, oh yeah, that's a puzzle game.
Yes, I watched it.
This one says you're scaring me.
I told you, I'm all a violour, you don't trust me?
You didn't even believe me?
Just because I've got a Scottish accent doesn't mean I can't mimic your waifu.
It's okay.
You're allowed to be scared, aren't you?
Oh, did you hear that whistle as I breathed in there?
I love you.
Your voice actually kind of works on the food.
Of course my voice works.
Everything I do works.
Everything I touch succeeds.
Don't you understand?
I control all of this.
If I want to live, I live.
If I want to take, I take.
And if I want you to die, you die.
That was an Assassin's Creed Brotherhood quote, by the way.
Please do not panic.
Hydration check.
I feel like you could tell whether it's strawny or someone else's voice.
Swing!
Strawny, you just can't have your way.
Hydration check, okay.
I have my finger in all the pies, my tentacles, and everywhere.
Can you please touch the side even?
There's only so much I love what color fish would do.
Okay, I'll go back to whispering because my voice doesn't crack when I whisper for some reason.
But if I try and do so, I've spoken ASMR, it's just like completely messed up.
Much love, do you?
Oh, yeah.
Was that a swing from Queen's World?
Yeah, I've never seen it.
I've just seen meme complete.
Like the highlights and the echo swing.
Good memories from Assassin's Creed.
Oh, yeah.
Once that we're playing Assassin's Creed Brotherhood on the tenth of June, can't wait to see you there.
Oh, yeah, definitely a motion that was nothing else.
Yeah.
By the pool.
Wow!
Congrats on the interview.
I hope it went well.
Thank you, Grandpa.
That's very kind of you to give a tip.
You don't have to do that.
And just share the wealth.
Share the load.
If you didn't know, there's a quote in Lord of the Rings.
We're so anguished at photo.
Share the load.
You'd share your load with me, right?
Reef one.
Thank you again, Grandpa, for the chip.
I appreciate it.
And I go for the super chat.
I don't think I said that.
You said insurance.
Sorry, my tummy's rumbling.
I haven't eaten anything.
You said insurance agent.
Okay.
I wonder what that's like.
Are you gonna be on the phone?
I wonder.
But yeah, you don't actually have to share your wealth.
Make sure your bills are paid.
Make sure your bills are paid.
And then any debts.
And then if you are in the position to dip or donate,
please consider a dollar first.
If you can only do one, always pick a dollar over me.
I produce free content all the time.
You just have to let me cook.
Yeah, you're making me make noises.
Go down.
How do you think the girls were made?
Share the wealth and photos face me,
Greg's bill.
Stoney, that was too powerful.
Like, I like catching you off-card.
One minute, you think I'm about to narrow down
about Lord of the Rings.
Next minute, your tentacle is up.
Nice try, but I need my energy today.
Okay, let me refresh my marshmallow.
Ah, there's marshmallows.
Thank you.
Hi, Stoney.
First, I love you.
I love your red light.
Secondly, I have two movies that I would give my life,
not for you to watch.
Please keep it and remember to eat anything with tomatoes in it.
More tomato, the better for your boss.
Napoleon Dynamite.
I've never seen that.
This is one of my favorite movies.
It's a unique indie movie that is weird in the best way possible.
The other one would be Talladega Night.
Talladega Night.
What?
Talladega Night.
And it's a comedy that's really goofy and fun.
Yeah, I'm 100% open to movie suggestions.
I'm going to see if I can push three membership streams.
One by default is a watch along.
One by default is ASMR membership.
And then a third one is either a short video game,
a game we might have already played before,
or maybe a multiplayer stream-snap kind of experience.
But yeah, please don't be afraid to suggest things you want to see.
I am very open to any suggestions of content.
I don't mind at all.
Some feed chippers might not like it.
I do not mind at all.
I'd love to deliver what you seek.
Thank you for your nice message.
Princess Breed.
How open to your horror movies?
I'm 100% open to horror movies.
I'll even wear my heart rate monitor if you like.
I don't mind at all.
Sounds like you're going to love Cyberpunk 27.7.
You're just like Johnny Silverhand.
Johnny Silverhand?
Oh, if he wants to burn down society.
Okay, I'm going to enjoy Cyberpunk.
I wish I got the super and then I got censored kind of smart autism.
But I'm stuck with a pro wrestling fan autism.
It's okay, brother.
Much old man Randy Savage.
I used to watch The Stinger or The Wasp as a child.
So don't worry if you like pro wrestling.
I know some names.
Yeah.
Society.
Society.
I think it's society.
Yeah, sorry.
Society.
Society.
Society.
Anonymous.
Why?
Why 100 with no message?
Anon, what the fuck?
Thank you.
What the fuck?
Why so much money?
Thank you for the 100.
What the fuck Anon?
And no, do not donate to put a message that says nothing.
So Brian reads out nothing.
I know exactly what you're doing.
I can see you smiling to yourself,
being all proud that you dipped without a message.
I see you.
Don't think I don't.
I'm staring into your soul.
Don't do it.
Bad Anon, bad boy.
You're a bad, bad man, Anon.
Do you know what happens to bad men?
They need punishment.
That's a A.C. bring your boot in.
How is it my turn again?
Yay, boot time.
Good.
Anon.
Anon.
What did I say?
What did I fucking say, Anon?
I called it.
You were already freaking typing it in the box.
Thank you for the tip, Anon.
No, do not.
No, do not.
I'm ginger too.
I'm ginger too,
although someone said it looked like a war mill.
And I was like, honestly, I don't care.
It looked like a war mill.
You call me there.
Tips refuses to call me.
It leaves, literally.
I don't know what to do.
I'm getting second feelings of scolding.
Should I do scolding ASMR?
Should I do scolding ASMR?
I'm an actual fucking agent.
What the fuck are you mean?
I can't hear you.
Don't make a noise for the rest of the night.
I actually can't believe that embarrassment.
You, of course, made it on the playground today.
What do you want me to drink?
What do you want me to drink?
Do you know what they say?
We've got to say it in Scotland.
Is this Lassie Bashers?
You're not supposed to be a Lassie Bashers.
I didn't leave.
Don't scare me while I get there.
This is actually true in Scotland.
On the playground,
you're told not to hit girls.
And the way you're told not to hit girls
is you get called
a Lassie Basher.
This is true.
Any Scots lurking
know what a Lassie Basher is.
You'll basically get called a Lassie Basher
and bullied and picked on
for hitting girls you do not hit girls
in Scotland.
And then,
wait until you look at
the domestic violence rates.
Lassie Bashers
doesn't work.
Which one of you
took a shit
and did they push that tie line?
Don't bash my Lassies.
I got most of that
and enjoyed it.
I literally, oh that was my collar
cracking if you heard that.
I have many movies
are we playing in advance?
Are we having any moves
are you playing in advance on this big chess game?
Notting in nothing
can stop you.
Oh, I learned long ago
if you ever stream
or make primary content
ASMR and then you deviate
from that
people are like
waste ASMR, waste ASMR
and then they filter themselves
so I took that knowledge
of your little wifling.
So don't be nervous
if you see my sub numbers
going up.
It's already been planned.
Thank you for trusting
me little wifling.
Do you like 18 plus
art if there's a male
involved?
Mercy's Edge is not like fan art.
You
can make it a generic
white outline of a guy
like a protagonist, like self insert
protagonist
in order
excuse me stomach
in order to make it
a wifling
you just need to put a nicotine patch
on it.
Yeah.
Oh my stomach's really rumbling.
Maybe I should put the mic to my stomach.
You literally
yes
just put a nicotine patch
on a white outline
of a guy if you want like a guy
stand and think thing going on.
That's how you draw wifling.
Yeah.
A scrawny was wondering
if you try a new monster on her.
There's a new monster
on her. Sorry.
There's a new monster on her.
I didn't even know that.
I want to put my entire
tongue inside you.
The other one.
You are cute.
Thank you.
I'm glad you like it.
Oh it comes in next year.
Okay.
Shh.
Do you want to hear my tummy?
Okay. I'll let you hear my tummy.
I know.
I haven't eaten today.
So I don't know how loud
and maybe you may actually hear my heart.
I'll put you on my belly.
Do you hear anything?
Oh.
Do you hear it?
You're just above
my belly button.
Are you a little bit hungry?
Yeah.
I haven't had anything to eat.
Yeah.
I don't really eat before stream.
But yeah.
When I make
the
pregnant with you ASMR
it's going to have my actual tummy
signs in it.
Like you really are in the womb.
Go eat.
I don't want to eat after stream.
I have 20 minutes.
Thank you.
That's my tummy.
Do you hear stomach sounds
or my new favorite trigger?
Oh a few stomach sound ASMR.
I'll make that.
That's so easy to make.
Literally 15 minutes of silence.
I just stick a microphone to my stomach.
You can 100% have that.
Maybe I can name it something like
my girlfriend's stomach ASMR
but it won't stop f-ing rumbling
like to make it a meme title.
When you want that
pregnancy ASMR
you can't just say that.
Yeah I would love that.
Consider it on my to-do list then
because that's like super easy to make
ASMR wise.
Literally put the microphone
on my stomach
and be silent for 15 minutes
and then apply
a noise gate filter
and then that's it.
We're done.
Giant ASMR when?
I do have one.
Azura has one.
I'm going to make Emmy do one
because I want her book to go terribly wrong.
I'll make a plot where she's tired
being the smallest of the allure
and then ends up becoming a giant
for like 24 hours.
When would that be uploaded?
I want to say soon DM.
Maybe within the month?
I'll try my best.
Strongly goes crack and mood.
Laying on girlfriend's stomach while
she's waiting for her Door Dash order.
That's actually really good.
I might steal that. I'm not being funny.
I might actually just straight up steal your idea.
Thank you for that.
No way. I love you for that.
Strongly you're the best.
Wait for the giant ASMR
stomach.
Honestly,
I am always like
super happy to make you guys
happy and I always
want your ideas to be
our ideas communism.
That Door Dasher
me, literally.
She has
the spell to make everything
bigger but instead turns
herself into a giantess.
I know
so this is
a little fun fact
about me.
I actually really enjoy
giantism
which is why
Azura can
become a giant
but she can only be as tall
as a skyscraper. She can't be
indefinitely big
but she is a god at the end
of the day
but because she gave up some of her
divinity she has
a regular human height of 185 cm.
I wasn't kidding when I
said the girls were based after my
kinks. I don't care what anyone
says is true.
But yes, I
tiny shrunken chat.
I wanted to do swallowing
ASMR as well
where I get so hungry
little reefling and you look like calamari
and I swallow you
and you're in my tummy and I'm like
talking to you whilst you're getting
digested by me.
Yeah, I just like
these kind of things. I'm sorry.
No, please don't
eat us.
I just
like these things. I find them so
creative. I really do.
Well, I'm proud to be here
dinner.
I hope I'm
scared. Only
eat us in this other content.
Wait, I'm on the fence
about being eaten. We'll see
what you think after the audio comes out.
Maybe you'll like it. Maybe you won't.
As always,
don't subject
your tentacle
to something you know you don't like.
When is your
ink rating stream?
Probably next
week. It will be my membership
stream.
Where we rate everything
and I get to be as unhinged
as I desire.
I'm going to be speaking about all
the scenarios
I want to be doing on you.
I'm not holding back.
I mean being eaten by you is on the
table since debut. I assure you
I'm very nutritious.
Wow, my stomach
really is making my system.
Always giving a try to
audios you don't know if you like or not.
Yeah, some people
that didn't think they were going to enjoy the
Patreon.
Tell me, are you okay?
Some people
thought they didn't.
They weren't going to enjoy
my alternative
audio of a unique variation.
And they really enjoyed it.
Which I'm glad. It was
a fun challenge.
I enjoyed it very much.
There's literally no word that can come
out of your mouth. I don't love hearing
and inking for.
Go get food.
I'm redirecting
very shortly. I'll get food then.
I like being with you.
I don't want to get distracted.
Go get food.
If you're going to eat me,
at least give me a good time.
Maybe
I'll pretend that you're getting digested
but I'll just foam it you up again.
The Bully
Patreon.
What from any
love being with your dad?
Thank you.
Or do you mean the party one
where the P
picks on you at a party?
I think she be had some
problems today.
Why?
Problems with what?
I'm turned
for trying most
tags except for
text
because it just makes me sad. Oh, I'm sorry
to hear that.
Out of the audios,
their audios are so fun.
There's one ASMR that makes a bunch
of audios with listener
perishes.
Is that Macabre? I know exactly
who you're talking about, Macabre.
Oh no, I think they changed their name.
Sugar. I can't remember what their
new name is. Your voice gets
me distracted. Good.
It should.
Chubby weekend
tags are my favourite.
I have terrible news. Patreon
banner.
I can probably do something on
Twitter with that.
But Patreon banner.
Instead of one, you could just
put...
I can bill you.
Once you've had your time in the
tummy time, the demo
one was so good.
It was my first ever freaking
audio, and I was like so
nervous to do it.
Oh yes, do you like that?
Oh, I bet you do.
I enjoy it.
Come to bed with me.
It wasn't so nerve-wracking.
I was like, no one is going to
enjoy this, but I'm so glad you
enjoy it.
I don't know if I like the voice
or the attitude. I like to hear
what makes it...
I thought there's a cat here
in my mouth.
There's a freaking cat here.
Kimly.
Kimly, your freaking cat here went
in my mouth.
All your Patreon content is good.
Thank you.
I can't remember what the next
plot being uploaded is.
Yeah, Patreon
literally said
feedurism ban. Well, no.
MasterCard just said it's ban
because it's like dangerous or whatever.
That cat here
literally me.
You're in my mouth.
Do you hypnotize yourself? No, I can.
But
lore-wise,
mirrors are my
biggest weakness.
And when I do my tonathon,
you guys are going to be sick of those
laws. I freaking
love ton laws so much.
I don't care what anyone says.
It's so good.
Like, please
parade me around like a pup.
Credit card companies need to
stop. Yes,
it's crazy.
I mean, they literally run the world
whilst they're banning
all this stuff and they're all jumping on
Epstein Island. Like, you literally
can't make this stuff up.
They ban feedurism,
but they're all chilling on Epstein Island.
Prove.
Get a fucking grip. Honestly, this is when
I don't look in the rabbit hole. You'll go too deep.
Well, time to get a mirror.
Are you afraid of mirrors?
It's because
if I look into a mirror
like this, I can hypnotize
myself because I fall
for the spiral.
Okay, so I can't look
at mirrors while I'm trying to hypnotize
you or else I'm in
trouble.
Don't lose as long as it's
huge.
Morning, good morning.
I want
Astronic conspiracy theory stream.
You asked, I will deliver.
Oh my god.
Like, I know I keep mentioning needy streamer
overload. I was so surprised
that they had that kind
of thing because I was like, wait a minute.
I'm interested
in this stuff, but
I'm aware it may filter a lot of people.
But
then again,
more intimate streams.
I just made refling.
I just made
I'm just glad
everyone is based. Yeah.
We're probably like, we don't really judge
anyone here. Just have a good time.
All that jazz.
Astronic conspiracy
theory stream. Oh,
that's going to take me hours to prepare
my presentation.
I'm going to come with a breath.
I'm going to come with a receipt.
I'm going to change your perspective on
everything.
They can't handle listening to the
truth. I'm going to put a tin foil
hat on myself and I will
offer you all to wear a tin foil hat
on stream too.
Feeler is going for cultural victory.
Exactly.
Based. Oh, should you base it on?
The stream is a perfect test for
my new headphones. Oh, yeah.
Can you hear me in this ear?
What if I go into this ear?
Does it sound like I am going
ear to ear? It's kind of amazing
technology, isn't it?
Please. I'll let you gaslight me.
Oh, please let me main break you.
Please. Please for me.
I'll be a good little girl.
If you let me main break you.
I had to dream the other night.
I had to dream I had you in a
standing position but I was lifting you.
Your little legs were swaying
as I was moving.
A lot of painting
and roughness of fall
briefly. Oh my god.
Great on head.
Please. Song sure good girl.
That's right. I'm a good girl.
Keep playing with me. Be careful.
Okay. Yeah. I'm a good friend.
Please.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
Did our legs sway to improve?
Did I am in love?
An audio where you try and hypnotize
Shibi but end up seeing a mirror
and hypnotizing yourself and she
takes advantage of the situation
would be quite interesting.
Is that a donathon public
report?
I think it is.
Wait for a Zora to cook.
Okay.
I will be working one on one with a Zora
to help her donathon wards
and if it goes well
I think a Zora can move out.
And I'm so excited for her.
Anyway now that you are so close I must say
I like a lot of little green
parts in my hair. Yeah.
I have a few strands of green
out but that's just because
I can't keep it all away.
I have such big hair.
Could you please put the head
and the eyes on? Sure.
But it won't be.
Hi Refle.
It's me again.
Just talking
to your subconscious.
Don't worry.
I won't do anything.
Not this day.
But this is just a remainder.
I own you.
All of you.
Your thoughts.
Your mind.
Just a remainder.
My hair.
Did I turn off the reverb?
Is the reverb off?
Did I turn it off?
Or did I not hit the button?
Yes it's off.
Okay thank you.
Indeed you do on me.
Sounds off.
Okay get the reverb wasn't on.
Oh it never came on.
It was supposed to come on.
I guess I never hit the button hard enough.
Reverb.
Never turned on.
This is a remainder.
Wait is it broken?
Oh I think it might be broken.
Oops I broke it.
Oops.
It seems like I dropped my mirror face up.
I hope you don't like that.
Yes you won't be.
It was never on.
Do it again.
It's broken. I don't know why it's not working.
When you mentioned about A.C.
using our boots to step on us
and nearly triggered something in me.
Also you trying to hit me
was on a ship with the ships.
The ships can't see or get into your bed
causing people to get hypnotized by your reflection.
That's so good.
Wait what almost triggered you?
A.C. sound?
You almost got triggered?
Are you really that badly minded?
That something so sweet
and innocent
and feral like me
could hurt you?
Could hurt you?
A.C. sound?
And you'd like it.
You're so dirty.
I can't.
I'm sorry A.C.
I'm so sorry A.C.
My role playing is my genie.
Is that a thing that's weird?
I don't know if I'm crossing a boundary.
I should probably ask them.
They're not the oos in chat over me.
Surprise this is my actual voice.
You're going to A.C.'s mimic.
If my voice wasn't broken
I wonder if I could smoothly do A.C.'s voice.
Hi A.C.'s fans.
Hi A.C.'s fans.
I missed you.
We are playing Tomb Raider today.
I can hardly do it
without causing the crack in my voice.
That's very hard because she's higher pitched than me.
We'll get them next time.
That could be a fun idea.
Everyone has to impersonate.
Well I begs A.C. because she's the only one I can impersonate.
With mailed success.
I wonder if it's because she's European
that I can mimic.
That seems silly but at the same time
she is the only voice.
Your voice is already our favourite.
We're very Sean Connery when it's deep.
I can make my accent even stronger
but I don't talk on stream like this
because hardly anyone can understand
what the heck I'm saying.
Do you mean
Sorry do you mean
just having a big white square over the male's face
with a nicotine patch on it?
Maybe I understand.
Or I'm just stupid.
Sorry for that idea.
I had a character with neat eyes and a mouse.
If you go on my alternative twitter
that are
oh why am I
I was not asleep.
Papaparito drew
a wiggling head on a man
if you need a mountain eyes
you can maybe do that.
Uchi san's in danger.
Going to get double teamed up by double A.C.
It's normal for scholars
using so many hours then.
Yeah so
you guys say girl
but we say ghetto
like good ghetto.
Your last ASMR stream
when you kissed at the end I felt it.
Larry
Thank you for feeling that.
A.C. and Junior collab
for Double Eastern European would go hard.
Honestly yeah
I'm done for the slavic.
Thank you so much for the tip.
I appreciate it.
And I'm glad you could feel it in your tip.
Howdy scrawny
I just wanted to share how much I've been loving
you and your content
and the grilles.
I wish I could share more of my love with your doors
but feel her mom
has got it going on.
All of our doors have been streamed
so long.
Reflings can you see
I might not be the oshi for you
wait
can you see there's an oshi
what the f- I can't pick a song up
you're literally too perfect
in the fact that I can make you happy
by making your doors happy is even fair.
Yeah
I was curious about your preferences
in Pippu's
I had to thought about a video
but then I wasn't sure if the visuals
managed as much as I would make
so I was wondering oh audio's work
yes they work audio works
very well yes please
Anyway I look forward to
all your content. Thank you
and everything else you do in my heart
makes very much. I want to
love you and help the girls succeed. Thank you so much
I appreciate that I love you to
replay. Thank you for such a great message
sorry if I said twice
tomorrow is tricky it is tricky
she be reminder
oh I'm actually calling
in a favor for a friend
we're gonna redirect
actually militia
she make me live right now
we're calling in a favor for a friend
okay an old friend
we are going to redirect
into mimosa
because mimosa
is letting me steal her voice
for an ASMR collab
I believe she is live with ASMR
right now she is okay we're calling
in a friend
a favor for a friend
mimosa is agreed to do
an ASMR collab with me
she's gonna redirect back into
another violer girl
so please don't worry please
enjoy mimosa
this is called team building
team exercising
she's been very open to me
even though I'm a dirty dirty
and she's been very kind to consider
it so
please do
why does it not let me redirect
into her
mimosa a cue me pause
yes sorry for such a short ASMR stream
sadly my voice breaks
too easily
why the frick
can I not host into it
mimosa
mimosa you're giving me a
okay I've got it I've got it I've got it
save I've got it
thank you so so much
mimosa is redirecting into a violer girl
after this I'm actually
working on her first ASMR collab
with a Vtuber audio like literally
as a stream ends I'm so freaking excited
so thank you so so much
Reevelings I am so
appreciative of your
say
you have been nothing but
a little miracle in earning my life
again or maybe in earning it for the
first time special thank you
to all the super chats to all the
memberships and the donations that was
some very big donations
and I cannot
wait to see to show you
what week 3 has installed for
memberships but again please don't
worry if you can't remember
I always have free streams and content
stream sniping and everything
so please
have a fantastic evening
for the rest of it and say hi
to mimosa for me I'm going to speak
in her chat for a little bit okay
so I'll see you in mimosa's chat
bye Reevelings love you
make sure you hydrate
and eat I'm gonna eat and talk to
mimosa okay bye bye
bye Reevelings thank you
oh my tummy my tummy keeps rumbling
