I'm going to do a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little
bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little
little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little
of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little of
I feel like I'm moving five miles an hour.
I'm so tired.
How are you?
I'm not...
I'm not gonna lie to you.
At exactly four o'clock, I woke up from a nap,
walked over to my computer,
and pressed go live.
So I'm still waking up.
I'm waking up to ash and dust.
Okay.
Might be a little bit delirious.
Got my tea.
Ready to rumble.
I gotta remember who I am.
I also got an iPad stand.
Thank you for your support,
those who look at my throne and such.
And I was trying to set it up
so that I could use my iPad
almost like a third monitor and look at chat.
And it was working well,
except I could see it was so tiny
that I couldn't see anything.
And I'm like, oh, I'll have to lean forward
and squint my eyes to see what the frick I'm looking at.
Ugh.
What are you guys doing today?
How was...
Did you get double ASMR again
from Shtrone and Anise?
By the way,
is she be short for Shabilla?
I'm too tired to come up with a snarky remark to that.
Oh, no, I see the Tomb Raider.
I don't know where I am.
I've got two milk model kids.
Go.
Sick, but you're here.
I like...
Some of you guys might have saw me
I went to the doctors this morning
and like going out into the world
takes a lot out of me and interacting with people
because I kept getting turned around.
Like I kept accidentally going the wrong way
because my GPS was messing stuff up.
I was a little bit late
and then the office was taken forever.
And so I was just so tired
when I got home,
but then I had to do a bunch of other stuff
to prepare for stream.
And then like exactly 3.30,
I just fell asleep on the couch
and knocked out.
But we're here.
We are here.
She be being lost is kind of me.
I have no sense of direction.
I never know where I am.
Even in my town,
in my city that I've lived in
for my entire life, essentially,
I'm like, oh, which road do I take?
Where am I?
It's not a miracle I'm awake right now.
I did set an alarm,
but I'm like,
I know I needed to just like lay down for a bit
and just gain my bearings.
But I hope you guys enjoyed Tomb Raider
with Icy and then ASMR with Momay.
I am quite eepy.
I am waking up.
Don't worry, I'll wake up though.
I'm just like here.
I didn't fall asleep till like 3 a.m.
My whole sleep schedule is messed up
ever since I streamed so late.
Oh, a womb raider?
Oh my God.
I already made that joke.
I made the Ash and Dust joke.
The Imagine Dragons.
Oh, you like Imagine Dragons?
Well, imagine me dragging these nuts
across your face.
Got him.
I forget to put my ooloo mouth on.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm pretty good.
I'm pretty, I'm pretty, I'm pretty, uh,
I'm as, I'm as smart as a whip
that doesn't make any sense.
But yeah, I have no idea what this game is about.
Um, I know like it might be a visual novel.
I went in for like a second
and I saw that it was voice acted.
So I turned off the voices.
I'll be voice at voicing.
See the characters today.
And you guys can vote in the voices.
It's about bunny girls.
Yeah.
Like I haven't watched any gameplay.
Haven't read anything about it.
I know it was a flavor of the month game
for a very, for a little bit.
I'm like, okay, I'll play it.
Um, so we'll see.
We'll see.
Yawns and finds.
I'm surrounded by bunny girls.
I see this as an absolute win.
Okay.
I'm going to love it.
I also went in just in case
because like when I went to purchase the game
I was like, oh wait, I hope there's not like surprise
things that need to be censored.
So I went in and I double checked
because I didn't know if it was going to be like a Hoonipop situation.
You guys are all just like tricking me
and the whole world is against me tricking me.
Pretending that stuff is normal.
And then it's a crazy messed up game.
Um, yeah.
So I went in.
There wasn't any of that.
I was like, okay.
Although I did see like when I was looking at the steam page
for like a brief second when I was purchasing the game
just like people's screenshots
and they're all Ponzu shots.
So I'm like, what am I getting into?
Whoo.
Kushi jokes scare.
Exactly.
She doesn't know about the level that just opens.
What?
Excuse me.
It's just a lot of fan service.
It's on brand for me.
What color today?
What the fuck does that mean?
I'm white.
I did tease a possible brown toggle.
It's death less messed up than class of 09.
I didn't expect it to be messed up as much as class of 09.
Panty simulator with a side of alcohol.
You think they meant my ponzu?
I don't even remember.
Um, actually these are one of my favorite pairs.
It's like pastel rainbow-y lace with flowers on it.
And it's a thong.
And it's like has a lot of light blue.
It's nice to get my skin tone.
Anyways, usually we're nothing,
but I had to go out into the world today.
So I decided to, you know, bundle up before going on an excursion.
I actually fucking hate thongs.
I don't even know why I have so many, so many, so many.
I need to buy more underwear, like some like cheekies.
I accidentally, so like I, I'm a huge fan of like the Savage X Fenty,
like Rihanna's lingerie line.
And I forgot to fucking cancel my membership because they charge $59 a month for membership.
And you can skip the month, mind you.
And you can like save the money, but I swear to you, I thought I skipped the month.
And they charge me 60 bucks and I have to spend it on something.
And I'm like, well, it looks like I'm getting panties.
Looks like I'm getting panties.
They have great stuff, but I'm like, what the hell?
You know, I'm like, what the, what the actual fuck?
It's really high quality.
It's mostly what I wear.
Although I go to the pink store sometimes for a little something, something.
It's been 10 minutes and we're talking about pansos.
Yeah.
What did you expect?
Are you new here?
Wait a minute.
Who are you?
What does she be?
It's funny.
You guys have got me saying, erm, what the sigma and erm, what the scallop?
I, cause like when I, when my stream just wasn't loading, when I pressed start, I was like, erm,
what the, what the scallop?
Scallop.
And then I just like, audibly sighed out loud when I, when I heard what I said.
I'd be disappointed if people weren't still talking about random, at this point.
Random what?
You be, it's she be, it's me, it's she be.
Let's go and, yep.
I should put disclaimer.
I'm tired of shit.
I promise you I'm not drunk.
I'm just tired.
Usually like, listen, I made a big sacrifice streaming at the time that I do because around
this time is normally my nap time.
My family is notorious for napping.
My mom's the only one that can't.
My whole dad's side of the family are napping champions.
And from four to five, 30 prime nap time, something, I've like napped for like four hours before
and I still managed to get to sleep.
Is it depression?
I don't know.
Maybe she's born with it.
Maybe it's dysthymia.
She be, did you hear a Twitter room of the likes you can see?
I can still see everybody's likes because I have not updated my Twitter on my phone.
So you can't hide from me.
I know your secrets.
I know when you're awake.
I know when you've been bad or good.
So be bad.
For goodness sake.
What is your favorite kind of vegetable?
Is a potato a vegetable?
I really like potatoes.
Yeah, potatoes are vegetable.
Yeah, because it doesn't have like a seed.
I was like the dumbest thing I've ever said.
Is a potato a vegetable?
Oh my God.
It's funny because like technically zucchini is fruit.
Tomatoes are fruit.
Carrots are vegetable and like leafy greens are vegetables.
I really like all vegetables.
I'm like trying to think of a vegetable I don't like.
Like because I'll just eat anything.
I don't like, like, I like, I'm not a huge fan of arugula but I also eat it.
I really like spinach.
Yep.
I like Brussels sprouts.
Did you know they've actually engineered the bad flavor out of Brussels sprouts now?
My dad used to hate Brussels sprouts.
And then he like threw some in the air fryer and like with a little bit of oil, salt and pepper.
And they were like really tasty, nutty, almost like an artichoke heart.
And he's like, this is not like what they taste like back then.
And then we looked it up and did research and they actually engineered the shit out of there.
You hate bell peppers?
I love bell peppers.
Tomatoes are both vegetables and fruit.
Depends on which taxonomy you're using.
All right.
I don't know what that means, but Godspeed.
Listen, it smells so strong.
Yeah, they do still smell like, you know, the devil's asshole, but it is.
Spinach over lettuce for sale.
It's 100%.
I like butter lettuce because it's similar to spinach.
Or I'll use like butter lettuce for like a lettuce wrap.
Pretty good.
Why the fuck are we talking about vegetables?
You know how much, like, this is how, this is what I mean.
Somebody asked me a question.
I'm like, all right.
Talks 10 minutes explaining my answers.
But her lettuce, I barely know.
Shut up.
Get out of here.
I think canned steamed veggies turn people off.
Flavors are much better.
Baked in oil.
Oh yeah, I agree with that.
I prefer, I'll eat steamed veggies because I like, I like steamed broccoli.
You're green beans.
I love green beans.
The best lounge chat.
Yeah.
Yeah, but be cotton bum.
That's a me.
Favorite breakfast.
You know, I love French toast.
French toast, I think was the first thing I learned how to cook after like learning how to like boil water and like make eggs.
I learned how to make French toast.
My mom taught me how to make French toast.
And it was so fun, that experience.
I burned everything, but you know, you live and you learn.
But yeah, I love, I love French toast.
I love the French toast, especially if it's Texas toast.
I don't know.
I'm speaking in a very poor French accent because I'm half asleep, but I am.
It is how it is.
No, I didn't, I can boil water.
Guys, I'm a very good cook.
When you're a kid and you're learning, you're not a very good cook.
It's called eggy bread in England.
That's fucking weird.
It's not a better name.
No, I don't like it.
Don't ask to doubt.
If you've looked at my all account, people have commended me on my cooking skills because I've sent, I've taken pictures and posted some food I have cooked.
French toast is called lost bread and friend.
I feel like there's a pun in there.
I just found out the healthy frozen protein waffles taste and smell like the Ben and Jerry's waffle cones.
Oh, okay.
But what brand?
I do love waffles though.
I used to fucking live off of, um, my mom said I used to love French toast sticks and ego waffles.
And then out of nostalgia the other day, I bought some ego waffles, but I don't have any syrup or butter.
So mistakes were made.
Waffles versus pancakes.
I prefer waffles.
Like I love, I really like pancakes, but like sometimes pancakes would be a bit too mushy for me.
And I like the, I prefer the texture of a waffle over a pancake and that like a waffle can hold syrup better.
Whereas a pancake, um, just becomes kind of just like soppy.
I've read French toast sticks.
It's pretty much just like French toast.
And you throw it in a toaster and you toast it in there.
Or like a confectionary confection oven or an oven.
My Belgian side tell me waffles.
Raw talking echoes.
I have done that before, but I prefer like I, I, I'm weird and I prefer to eat waffles with my hands.
Like my mom, uh, for some odd reason, because it's not like I was going to impress anybody or have a luncheon with the queen.
But she drilled etiquette in like proper, like using silverware into me.
Um, like which forks and knives to use, which like if you're at this sort of event, what this means and what that means.
Um, I think she just wanted me to be like proper, which isn't like a bad thing.
Like teaching me, you know, your child etiquette and being, you know, behaved at the dinner table.
Cause I was like, I remember, um, I would always have to say, like, can I be excused before I left the dinner table?
And I had, you know, all that stuff.
And so I remember like one parent when I was over somebody's house, I would just like, can I be excused?
And they're like, why are you asking?
And I'm like, cause I always have to ask.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Manors maketh.
She beat.
It's funny.
I was literally, I don't know why it popped in my head on the toilet, but I was randomly just sitting there.
I'm just like, manners maketh the man.
I didn't even watch Kingsman reach recently.
Actually, that's a lie.
I watched the Kingsman.
I didn't finish it because it was boring.
I got to the part past Rasputin.
Rasputin.
Poutine.
Rasputin now.
And I was like, all right, this is kind of weird.
And it's kind of boring.
I prefer the first Kingsman movies moving on.
And then I fell asleep.
And then I just never bothered to watch it again.
She'd be getting mad at her friend's house because they served over the wrong shoulder.
No, like, I don't even recall like a lot of that stuff anymore.
I remember I went to like a fancy restaurant with my parents.
And this is the type of restaurant where if you get crumbs on the table,
they come over and they have a little thing to take the crumbs off and they move them away.
And they have like the multiple silverware.
And it's like, that's like, my parents usually go there for their anniversary because it's a very like pricey place.
And I've been like sitting there and I'm like, fuck, which fork do I use for salad again?
I don't even, my mom's like that one.
And I'm like, oh, thanks.
Anyways.
I love doing that and just dance.
It's like probably my favorite song to do in just dance.
Besides, I think was I like that by Richard.
Hold on.
I like that just dance by the talk by the elect.
Was it the toxic revenge or what the fuck toxic Avenger?
Am I tripping?
I could have sworn I like that by toxic Avenger was in just dance.
I'm getting as toxic from Britney Spears.
I'm very frustrated.
Whatever.
I'm experiencing a Mandela effect for a moment.
It's going to beat Saber.
I definitely want to like if when they get a 3D model, 100% want to do just dance.
I'm like, I need to get back into like dance and shape.
I'm just like a miss.
I'm just atrophying in my chair.
I think you had a cool dream.
Toxic Avenger is a movie.
No.
I think your thumbnail got restricted.
Are you fucking serious?
You know, I noticed that when I was on my iPad, I was just like, wait a second.
Why is it like grayed out?
Like, was that like the three dots thing?
I didn't know what that meant, though, but that makes a lot more sense then.
I'll fix it later.
I blame my manager.
They approve the thumbnail.
Throw some boobs in the thumbnail.
Put some boobs in the thumbnail, bitch.
Put some boobs.
Check out Azura's cover of boobs in the thumbnail.
I thought it was lag.
I thought the gray was an artistic choice.
It's gray in the homepage.
Just more reminders that I'm probably never going to be monetized.
Sometimes I fall asleep and I hear my BGM in my ears.
I can't tell if I like it or not.
Wake up.
I need a non-outfit.
I was thinking about adding one of those to throw in one of those VTuber outfits that
I've been using for streams and stuff.
I have to get rid of this VOD based on what happened with other streamers.
Why?
What happened to their VODs?
Wait, I thought everyone got monetized and said, no, that's not true.
We applied for monetization all at the same time.
The majority of the other girls got it.
I'm still under review.
I'm mentally preparing myself to be disappointed in case it happens.
Serenity!
Manchibi would go so hard.
Does she know?
Do they know?
There was a priestess and a nun and another iteration.
Sorry, don't you usually stream around this time?
What are you doing, girl?
Serenity, I made you an call of the lamb and you tried to kill me.
What was it?
You tried spreading falsehoods about my cult, so I had to throw you in prison.
So you're currently in prison right now and call of the lamb.
I'm so sorry.
VOD before streaming even started.
What do you mean?
YouTube said no to bunny garden?
Explain.
Is there anything you can do?
I can reapply in a month.
That's where I belong in prison.
I'm getting lazy.
Yeah, it would just be a month of I'd have to reapply.
Do I have a hat?
No.
What?
What's that?
A hat?
A crazy, funky, junky hat?
Ever slept?
Hair and tidy?
Oh, she looks like here at nightly.
We've been there.
We've done that.
We see right through your funky hat.
Do you know where that's from?
I should be fine as long as you skip over the in-game ASMR.
Really?
Why don't I have a hat?
Was that from Hannah Montana?
Close.
It's from another show around that time.
Why did we go show ago?
Does that mean you're definitely not going to get me?
Guys, I have no idea.
I have no idea.
Maybe the YouTube coon will smile upon me and bless me with monetization.
But who knows?
If not, it is what it is.
You can always support me on Patreon even if you don't want to consume the content.
Or you can always support me through stream loads.
Or you can check out my merch.
It is not the end of the world.
Wizards of Waverly Place, you got it!
I need a do-in-your-mom hat.
That's pretty good.
That's pretty good.
I would actually probably get that.
Somebody said, uh,
Man, I love fishing hat.
I'm not worried about...
She likes to yap just as much as me.
Like mother like daughter.
Donate my imaginary memory.
I'd be like, alright.
Pay your tithes every month.
And just pretend your name is green.
No member strips.
Memberships.
Membership streams though.
Um, well, yeah, I'm not...
I'm not too worried.
I'm kind of just like dooming about it.
Just like mentally.
Because you know, what is that thing that like Wednesday Adam says?
If you expect the worst, you can't be disappointed or some shit.
But like, yeah.
Member strips.
Member strips is where you get chicken strips sent to you once a month in the mail.
And the box that they come in has my face stamped at them.
But it's like, you know that one gif of like a chicken pole dancing?
Or it's like a rabbit?
I don't know.
Just pretend it's a chicken.
So it's a chicken pole dancing.
And that's like the way my face is on the chicken.
And then you get chicken strips from Sheebie.
That's chicken member strips.
Yep.
They good.
They're the best.
Nothing.
Nothing but the best for my baby girls.
Thank you.
Thank you, Harilit.
Full de tans.
Full de tans.
Full de tans.
Thank you.
It didn't pop up because I had muted my desktop audio.
I forgot to turn it back on.
But thank you, Harilit.
But don't, yeah, don't worry about me.
It's mostly frustrating because I had like, I want to do like the membership streams that
I have in mind.
My face, no, my face isn't on the strips.
It's on the box that holds the strips, unless you would prefer both.
We might do that.
Ow.
I just like hit myself with a nipple really hard.
Excuse me.
That was a sleepy burp.
All right.
Go, ABGM.
It's time to play.
Bup, bup, bup, bup.
Body Gordon.
Bruh, bruh, bruh, bruh.
Where the fuck is it?
Can I kiss the boo boo to help?
You know, can I be, can I be, can I be TMI for a second?
So mine are pierced.
And so sometimes I just get like hooked on stuff.
Or I'm just like bump into something.
And that's like the worst thing.
I don't know.
No, no, I'm not ripping them.
They're not, my nipples aren't getting ripped off guys.
It's more, it's like imagine, like, if it, like, you know, I don't know if it's like this at all because I don't have balls, but imagine you're going to zip up your pants and like a little bit of your ball gets like caught in the zipper.
It's like a little bit, it's like a little less than that.
That's what I'm assuming.
But imagine that on your chest.
It was like, you know, like, I'm not going to elaborate.
Anyways, I was just fucking loud.
I've had it before it hurts.
Ouch.
You get in the hospital when you get caught in your zipper.
Well, I mean, I didn't mean like if you're caught caught, like you can't get out.
I mean, like, when you kind of zip it up and just like pinches you a little bit.
Like, because I'm like, I've done that.
I've done that to my pussy lip before and I was like, I'm just like, like, girl.
And then I'm just like, quickly.
Okay, maybe it's not as bad as that.
That's unimaginable.
You guys are such fucking babies.
You nipple piercings hurt once they're there.
For the first like couple months.
Yes, they're pretty tender.
I remember I went so I went with Salem, who I talk about often.
She we had only known each other for a week.
Mind you, I'm like, hey, do you want to come with me and watch me get my nipples pierced?
And she's just like, oh my God, yes, sure.
Because I want to walk like I want to get them done too.
And I'm like, okay, let's go.
And we go there.
First one goes in and I'm like, ow, that really hurt.
And I look over and look at Salem's face and her face is like completely mortified.
And then the piercer was telling me so usually the adrenaline kicks in only for the first one and then kind of tapers off for the second one.
So a lot of people don't get the second one done.
I'm like, fuck it.
Put the second one through.
And they did that and it hurt worse.
And I was like, ah.
And then I couldn't like put anything against my chest for like a month.
I went right back to work.
Because there was a piercing place in the mall and I just went back to work.
I went on my lunch break.
I'm like, fuck it.
I'm a badass bitch.
I just have barbells.
But they look cute in a shirt and stuff.
I know some people don't like them.
But like, I know Strawny's model has them.
My model doesn't have it though.
But it would be on brand for me to have it.
But like, I have a high pain tolerance.
Strawny's model.
Don't worry about it.
Hi, mom.
Hi, mom.
Did mom read?
Did you hi?
Hello.
Hey, I'm just presuming off of your alt account.
Hey, listen.
They probably watched like 30 minutes.
So I was normal for the first about 30 minutes and now we're not normal.
I didn't read you, but you should have read it.
Can you guys hear Raina singing the song of her people in the background?
She be, Strawny is she be Donnie Dami mommy?
No.
She might be my mother.
She doesn't Dami though.
Normal.
What about?
I already forgot what I was talking about.
But um, yeah, I have a high pain tolerance.
So she doesn't hurt me.
Not sorry.
She was a doll.
It's too soft.
She's I am also dollar.
Yeah.
I'm.
Am I the tallest girl?
Or is there?
I might be the tallest girl.
No.
It's a tallest girl.
Am I the tallest girl out of all?
I can't remember.
Strawny is a freaking small ass chick.
Let me tell you that though.
I could probably rest my arm on her head.
Why did I choose this game?
Because I had the word bunny in it.
And I wanted to play something bunny related.
I'll take a seat.
Well, no, I meant like like actual heights.
Like I meant like RTX model heights.
Out of normal heights.
Yes.
Is there is the tallest because she could fucking turn into a sky scraper.
I'm just six feet in heels.
I'm normally like five, six in my little.
Wait, am I five, six in heels?
Does that mean I'm.
I'm just thinking because if I'm 168 centimeters while I'm wearing my red heels.
Does that mean I'm actually like five, four whole is my life a lie?
Holy.
You're the tallest girl since there are cheats because he's a giant.
That's true.
She just like stays tall.
I'm getting bullied for my height.
I could sell.
Because normally because normally I'm like I'm five, eight, five, nine.
But.
2D she be is five, six.
But I don't know if that's with heels or without heels.
So.
Design Papa.
I'm going to need you to get on that and give me my canonical canon con height.
Yep.
Words.
English exists.
Absolute.
Absolute short stack.
I'm not.
I'm taller than the majority of people I interact with on a daily basis.
Yes, it's mostly my cats.
But when I go back to work, I am literally taller than so many fucking people.
She be who is the ebony of this game?
You know, the Draco living golf.
Who cuts because I don't know.
I don't know.
Maybe the girl with the black hair who kind of looks like that one chick from device.
Halo device.
That sounds so bad.
I just, I just literally noticed right now that she kind of like looks like the girl from device.
Hello from honey pop.
Hey, quick question.
Why is your thumbnail gray?
I think my thumbnail was nuked.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So.
Hey, scrawny, can you tell?
Uh, manager to make me another thumbnail with a cover up so I can put that up instead.
Because it got yanked.
Thank you, mom.
I love you, mom.
You're the best, mom.
Are you firing peeler allegation?
Please do not make it.
Cock color.
Yeah, my thumbnail guy.
Yep.
Zippity-doodle.
Zippity-dade.
It wasn't even bad.
It was literally me standing almost like I was in a fucking t-pose because I did an emote for my face for the thumbnail.
So I'm just kind of just like standing there.
It was literally that I will show you what it was.
Hold on.
It was literally me going like this.
No, not even with that.
Just like.
That's why I got it nuked.
My thumbnails might all get yanked.
I wouldn't be surprised if that happens.
I guess I just have to become flat, you know, because flat's justice and all.
Looks deviously at mother.
Maybe I just have to become cute and funny.
Looks deviously at mother.
It shows up in some fever blinds.
Yeah, I noticed that.
I'd be too powerful with that.
You're right, you're right.
Do they know?
They're gonna know.
They're not gonna know.
I'm already cute and funny.
You know what is awesome?
So I ordered some stuff from Amazon for my ASMR this week.
What's today?
Wednesday to March, Thursday, Power Wash collab.
I don't remember what day my own ASMR stream is.
But I got like Pop Rocks for a really cool trigger.
And they taste really good too.
I already had like one pack.
Well, I'm finishing it up right now.
I don't know.
And those will get nuked for mouth sounds.
I don't know if, Johnny, did you already do this?
Tell me in the news.
Did you already do Pop Rocks?
I feel like you did.
Yeah, I feel like it's really nice.
She did it with her feet sweat.
Oh, I didn't know that part.
Yeah, I ordered it a couple days ago.
They finally came in.
Thank you, mother.
What the fuck is this?
Oh my God.
Why are you so fucking precious?
I can't.
Major, is it around?
Here you go.
A file name.
Oh my, let me fix that.
And it's just a fucking screenshot of me being live right now.
Oh, I can't.
You're too good for this earth.
Oh my God, let me just.
I'm keeping this thumbnail.
I'm just straight keeping it.
Even if they come back around to fix it.
I'm just, I'm keeping this one up.
Graphic design is my passion.
It's Strani's passion, I should say.
I can picture, I can picture your silly little face.
Go he, he, he, he, in Scottish just.
Hope you got, can you guys see it?
Your work.
Can you guys see it?
Laffs in Scottish gasps in Spanish.
Anyways games.
Am I a dude?
This loud?
Holy fuck.
That's a fucking loud.
It's perfect.
Or the thumbnail is perfect.
Is the sound fine?
Bye, strongy.
Thank you for stopping by and making me an amazing thumbnail.
Oh wait, can I go back?
I got 15k again in my pocket.
Isn't that like a hundred and fifty bucks or something?
You know that face?
Onion Makes and Spikes family that got me and that gives me, yes, exactly that one.
Alright, I'm trying to think of a voice.
My company fired me.
It is what it is.
It's not the first time it's happened.
I'm thankful they hired me in the first place.
I have nothing but gratitude for the company.
My boss even cried for me when they fired me.
He said, I'm sorry I couldn't help you out.
They told me that this company isn't the right fit for me and that there are other places
where I could shine.
It was nice of them to say that.
Is there really somewhere out there?
Some place that would take in a fool like me?
Haito-kun?
Even if I could get another job somewhere else, I would just mess everything up for
the people there.
Ellipses.
Maybe my life ellipses is done for.
I didn't even think it has started.
Ellipses.
It's only been a minute in and I'm thinking about killing myself.
Time to drink my problems.
I guess he's the goth one.
He's ebony.
I'm pretty sure there's a barb somewhere in this building.
Oh, is she 3D?
Holy shit.
You just feel so cool in my mouth.
What sort of voice should we she have?
We're eating pop rocks.
Childhood friend voice?
Givers?
Okay, I'm just gonna put it to a poll.
I like how you call it like an Emmy voice when you just want me to do a lulley voice.
No, I guess just don't say that.
Emmy sounds less gross.
Connie voice.
Give her a lisp.
There's lollibabas.
Hope by lollies.
Aren't the girls voice in JP?
Yeah, but I'm fucking doing the voices.
Why would I?
Any time I'm reading a visual novel, I'm the one doing the voices.
My only excuse to do funny voices because the other times I do it when I'm just playing games, it doesn't make any fucking sense.
Okay?
That wasn't good.
Cute and funny voice, Scottish, really condescending childhood friend.
Or just wolf like a dog.
I'll just do like deep voice.
I don't know what that would be, but yeah.
Have fun.
We have three other, two other girls to voice.
Six out of, yeah, no, Toma knows I can do better.
Speaking of which, me and Toma have a collab coming up next week.
Do little Pokemon smash her face.
She is bringing out one of her characters, Trinket.
I'm very excited.
It'll be so good.
That's my cat.
She's going to say smash a low-punny.
Literally someone mentioned this a couple of streams ago.
I literally was just like, oh, I would do horrible things so low-punny.
I literally said that.
Was that the mom I have a toy?
Yeah, she has her fluffy ball.
She likes to take it into the bathroom.
She likes to scream in the bathtub.
Don't ask me why she does that.
I call it singing the song of her people.
She's just letting the other cats know that she has caught something.
It's funny because Boomi and Fia don't do that.
But they'll go and run to her, all concerned.
Mr. Mime.
I'll save it for the collab.
Please check out Toma.
I have a lot of collabs next week.
Can you combine option two and three?
Scottish cute and funny boys.
I'm looking at you and I'm thinking that you're a bloody wanker.
No, that's not gonna... that's hard, actually.
I'm staring at you.
I'm looking at you.
Raina, what the fuck are you doing?
I don't know what my cat is doing.
Scotland Freda.
This calypso is mean enough.
All right, but I'm sorry condescending childhood friend one.
Raina, please.
Mommy is straight. Raina.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Go tell her that she's did a good job. Hold on.
Hi.
You're very full of energy today, huh?
Oh, my God.
She prays like that.
Raina wants to collab.
Give her a mic.
Me as a podcast with Raina.
Stare.
I'm sorry.
Just throwing out a guess here, but did something bad happen to you?
It's like it has a twinge of alley girl, you know?
That's why you're trying to drink and forget everything or...
Sorry, excuse me.
Are you trying to get me to go to your hostess club?
Yeah, you're wrong.
You just happened to catch my eye before I got to work.
I'm feeling when I come on stream to mess with you.
You come on stream to mess with me?
I ain't even reading the rest of that.
Maud's paying him by his piggy toes from the ceiling,
spinning him around while you waterboard him.
All right. Thank you.
You look so tired as if your life is over.
Oh, this is like really quiet.
I put the BGM too quiet, I think.
This is fucking loud.
You look tired. I can fix that.
Have you ever seen the grapefruit technique?
My soul?
The customers in my bar?
I don't need to do anything for people to come to Wonderland.
The classic technique.
Just look up the grapefruit technique.
Make sure you're alone though and that your headphones are in.
So, you know, it's a beautiful black woman holding a grapefruit
and she goes over her technique.
So highly recommend it.
Ladies that are watching.
I was in a group when I saw the O.
Bless your heart.
Very great technique. 10 out of 10.
It's nice to see that my male viewers are very progressive
in using it as well. Good job, guys.
Happy Pride.
You might be right.
I knew it. Yes.
Oh, sorry. This isn't something to be happy about.
I'm sorry. I shouldn't have hit it right on the bullseye.
It's so sad to think your life is over.
Yeah, I know.
What should I do?
Oh, sorry, I'm thinking.
What should I do if I invite him in?
Then I'll really become a tout.
What the fuck does that mean?
But I can't leave someone so hurt out in the cold.
Girl, what are you talking about?
Why are you just talking?
I'm right here. I can hear what you're fucking saying.
Got it. You don't have to come into the shop.
You can just have a sneak peek.
That's right.
I don't know what the fuck is going on.
The truth is, I work here.
Hello?
One of those is actually me.
The girl with the black bunny ears, they both fucking have them.
The girl in the yellow, she's me.
She's just me.
Make sure if you ever have grapefruit,
you shouldn't eat grapefruit while you're taking medication.
It's not safe.
Tip from your neighborhood.
Dom.
No.
Literally human shit.
No.
I didn't know they opened this kind of bar here.
It's someplace where I can drink with girls.
I've never been in a shop like this before.
It's clean and the girls are cute.
I've only been to the really disgusting fucked up ones
where the girls look like they have track marks up their arms.
And have been huffing powder for hours.
Excuse me, what are you saying?
Sorry, I got off on a tangent.
I guess I'll give it a try.
Ah, you're gonna get me in trouble, sir.
Huh, so I can't come in?
Why the fuck did you show me this if I can't come in?
That's all for today.
I'll just give you a glimpse.
If you come inside, then I'm really a tout.
What the fuck is a tout?
I give you the right to come to the shop as a customer.
Since when the fuck do you give me the right to go to a bar
where I pay money to hang out with you?
Anyways, whenever you're interested, I'll be waiting for you to come.
Why did you just ignore me?
You're so sincere.
Don't forget, your life isn't over.
You'll be okay.
I know you will.
I can tell in your eyes.
So please, hand over your wallet.
Huh?
I was just kidding.
Right now, even if it was small, I know you smiled.
My dick's not small.
That means you're not done yet.
Thanks, I guess, fucking bitch.
I'll be here at the shop waiting for you.
I'm looking forward to the next time we can see each other
and I can rinse your wallet.
Alright, I'll let you go.
What the fuck was her deal?
She was so strange.
She doesn't even know me.
But I guess I do feel a little better.
Kind of tinted in my pants, seeing that girl bent over that table.
I'm such a simple guy.
Now, I don't know...
I'm making myself fucking laugh.
Now, I don't know if I really want to get drunk and forget everything.
I just want to go home.
Ellipses.
What the fuck is all night?
I thought that was a weird version of the girl's poster.
My life isn't over, huh?
Ellipses.
No way.
Why would I take something a girl said to me seriously
when I don't even know her name?
I don't even remember what her face looks like.
I was just staring at her tits.
She didn't seem to be joking around, but, you know, her tits.
Ellipses.
I mean, it's not like anyone has ever told me that my life is done.
Besides me, I contemplated suicide probably about 30 minutes ago.
I'm the only one who thinks that if I don't finish it myself,
maybe it's still possible to start again.
Seriously, starts masturbating.
Tout, a person soliciting customers.
Oh.
Attempt to sell something typically by pestering people in aggressive or bold manner.
That doesn't make any fucking...
She wasn't even being aggressive, though.
Why?
Oh, hello.
I'm sorry for calling you without notice.
You know how you were saying work was busy and you needed help?
Did you still need help?
If you'd like, would you take me in my anal virginity?
It's me on the other end.
I'm like, fine, we'll hire you.
Come on down to Wonderland.
I didn't owe your mom a favor.
It's been a week since I started my new job.
What should I use my money on?
That being said, me being positive was all thanks to her.
Not really.
It was very superficial what she said because we just met.
Should I go back to that chick shop?
Oh shit, okay.
How much is that in American money?
Cool.
This is more money I have in my bank account, probably.
It's like 300 bucks?
Yep, still accurate.
Oh baby, a triple.
Oh baby, a triple.
Thank you, Saber.
Use my money on Sheeby.
Aw, thank you.
Your tips are appreciated.
Tips for Dora?
Sheeby?
Somebody made a really hilarious edit of all of our debuts in 2.0 and I could not stop laughing.
It's like 40 minutes long.
I can't...
I think it's like Vealer debuts except it's just memes.
Please give it a watch.
You watched it?
It's so hilarious.
I was crying laughing because he opens up my portion with...
Hey slaves!
I was dying laughing at Shrani's part.
Aw, it's so fucking funny.
Yeah, please watch it.
Give that person some clicks.
They deserve it for all the memes they threw in.
It's so hilarious.
Azur's was really funny too.
So I can enter the shop.
Save.
Let's do it.
Aw, look.
I can't get out.
No.
Why can't I just click on stuff and I have to press my back button?
I can't go anywhere.
I can...
Can I go to McKellen?
Okay, I have to go to the shop.
I can sleep.
I can...
Aw, I am taking so many panty shots.
Job hunting.
Wait.
I thought I had a job.
Why would I need to get another job?
Gifted vacation?
So this is just be a fucking sugar daddy simulator.
I can gamble?
I'm rubbing my hands together.
Blackjack and hookers.
Blackjack and hookers.
Blackjack and hookers.
Phim Domson.
Am I just a...
Am I just a piggy?
Am I just a little piggy?
Guys, by the way, I just want to let you know I don't do...
I don't do that side of BDSM because it's very manipulative.
A lot of the women who do that side of BDSM only do it because they know they get money.
They don't care about the people that they work with.
They don't approve of it.
I don't like it.
I've been asked before if I will do financial domination.
No.
I am just me and you donate if you want to.
And it is appreciated.
I told my parents, by the way, I have a surprise for them because I'm going to give them the $200 that you guys donated in the stream where I mentioned that my dad was very sick.
And so my parents were like, ooh, what's happening?
And I'm just going to give it to them.
I'll tell you guys what their reaction will be because I know they'll really appreciate it.
And they seemed like super like, what are you?
I'm like courtesy of my awesome streaming fans.
And my parents are like, my dad was like, oh, emoji.
And my mom was just like, oh, they're so sweet.
So yeah, my parents do know that I live stream.
They're very supportive.
They know that I also do NSFW audios.
I'm very honest with my parents.
My dad, when I told them I got into Vealer, my mom was like, oh my gosh.
Yay.
And my dad was like, yay.
And I'm like explaining to them the sort of content I'll be making like ASMR, my parents don't know what ASMR is.
And then my dad's like, OK, I have to ask, are you doing any sex work?
And I literally was like, ehh, lude audios.
He's like, I don't want to know, I don't want to know, but I will be taking my cut because
I taught you how to do voices and I'm like, fuck you dad.
He's like, I'm just gonna take credit for your well, your great reading skills and your
ability to do voices and I would like my cut and I'm like, alright dad.
He's like, just you know, 20% and I'm like, my mom's like, my mom's like, redacted, stop
it, stop teasing her.
Then my mom's like, but I want to be on your channel.
I'm like, okay.
My parents are fucking leeches guys, just kidding, no they're very supportive.
I love them to death, they're very proud of me because they know I've wanted to be a content
creator for a very long time.
I think it was this shop here, I'm a bit nervous though, why is this, they have like
a menu outside, like it's a restaurant, me more tea, parents are sick, oh, anonymous
tipped $1, thank you anonymous queen, our entire singular dollar from your pay piggy.
Good job piggy.
Now we're going to do a retweet game where I'm going to have everybody retweet and every
five retweets is $5 and whatever the else the fuck that they say when they do those
weird ass things and then I want to get a manicure and then you're a piggy.
I'm going to rinse the pig, give me your wallet.
VodCon, she's unnatural, no it's because, so when I first, when I finally was able to
log into my NSFW, I mean my alternative account on Twitter, I was like trying to go through
and there's just like a lot of like fucking like sex bots and I'm like okay and like the
majority of them were goddesses and queens and mistresses and they were all just doing
like, like had that verbiage and I'm like what the fuck is, like I'm like why is this
on my timeline?
And I started just like following like anti-artists and retubers and then I finally went away.
I'm like fuck this timeline, I don't want these bitches on my timeline.
It's free money, yeah but I don't feel good about it.
Like a tip is different because you're tipping me because you're enjoying my content.
What they're doing is they're, they're, like they're not doing it because they want to
assist in, trying to say this so that it's okay for you two but at this point I kind
of don't give a fuck.
They don't really care about like helping out their little piggy, you know, they just
want the money, they don't care about like the actual like relationship of it and it's
like the respect of it because there's, yeah I don't know, never mind.
Yeah, they're not really entertainers, it's like like and the girls just like had their
fucking feet out and they're like send me a tribute of $20 to DM me and I'm like what
the fuck is this?
It just, ah I'm sorry, just like it genuinely like irritates me but yeah but then just donate,
who donate, enjoy that but I also think I'm like it's kind of, it's kind of predatory.
Unless you have a lot of expendable income, you know, but I don't judge the people who
get pleasure from it, I don't, that's fine, you do you.
I'm not a huge fan of the people that take advantage of those people, that's it.
And those bots are annoying and most of them are fake anyways so most people are just DMing
some random cash app of like a dude in Texas who stole his wife's feed picks and is rinsing
out piggies.
But hey, at least I'm in his family could get to Disney.
Problem is that some of those men are just having their low impulse control ticket,
that's what I mean, that's another point, like there's that as well, 100%.
I would like to YouTube money but I gotta admit, yeah.
I want someone like, first and foremost, take care of yourself, that's all I say.
A day in white tipped one dollar, so what you're saying is they want the tip but don't care
about the tip.
Anonymous tipped five dollars, based, based, thank you Anonymous, thank you for the tip.
I like how I'm trying to explain to you that you need to be financially like, sound, I'm
like, you guys don't see me right now but I'm holding my phone, I'm cradling my phone
in my hands, like I'm holding your face in my hands.
Masaka best tipped four dollars, thank you for not taking advantage of me.
Now here's a measly four dollars for madam, kisses your shoes, kisses your shoes, good
job P, now I'm kidding, I'm cupping and holding your face, I'm not choking you, yet.
Now I am, I scared Boomi, I feel really bad, I started like choking my phone and he just
ran away.
You know, it's important, you don't crush the center, it's the sides of the neck because
you're trying to cut off the, the, the car, our toy, like a girl out to dinner, artery.
Named sword tipped six dollars and ninety cents, hot, hot, because you don't want to
crush their windpipe, but off blood flow, not air flow, precisely.
Anyways, as I was saying, I'm stroking your beautiful face right now, aka my phone.
Um, let me give you a little kiss, muah, oh I just shut off my monitor, shit, okay.
Um, ah, there you go, inhale that before I continue, take care of yourself, the anime
girls that you watch and you support, they appreciate you, they care about you, but make
sure you pay your bills on time, make sure you eat, make sure you do self-care and self-love,
they will be okay, alright, alright, phones beautiful are us, both, I heard the hand,
it was like a bee and you made it, well aren't you just the sweetest.
Anonymous tipped twenty dollars, thank you madam, you're the best.
Take a girl out to dinner first, won't you?
Hafi zero zero two tipped six dollars and ninety cents, I don't fall for those kind of scams.
Anyway, here is my investment in shiba coin to the moon, well aren't you just the sweetest,
Anonymous tipped fifteen dollars, harder mistress.
Thank you for the tip, I'm just choking your chicken right now, um, well aren't you just
the sweetest.
This is going against what the fuck are you talking about.
This is Reverse Findem, we are being financially submissified.
Oh my god, I'm not even trying to do like reverse psychology or anything, you guys are
just fucking, I can't even think of a word to insult you if that's how much I'm frustrated
with your kindness.
Why does my fan base have to be such nice fucking people, pieces of shit, supporting your creators
that you love, terrible.
Anonymous tipped fifty dollars, get spoiled.
Thank you Anonymous, for the fifty bucks.
We're just, we're just dumb.
What was that sound alert?
I don't know, don't you have fifty bucks?
I'm fine, no I'm kidding.
It's me going, I'm going to pre, how dare you financially support me especially since
office jobs suck.
Yeah, it's kind of like, I have this weird thing where I'm like, I like, like I want
to be a streamer full time, but if I'm a streamer full time that means I have to, you know,
mostly rely on you guys for, to just like let me live.
And I don't like putting that responsibility on people, but I also like, a little imposter
syndrome, like don't spend your money on me.
Cause I'm like, I have like, I have a part time job now and I'm doing okay.
Like I just hate taking money from people, I don't know, like it's just weird.
Well are you just the sweetest?
Anonymous tipped five dollars.
Thank you Anonymous.
And like, I know Shrani is the same way, she's like, support the girls, support the girls.
And I'm also like, support the girls!
I'm like the shittiest one, why me?
Anyways, anyways, enough of that fucking shit.
I'm going to make some tea.
Awesome sugar on there.
Here we are.
Hi, there's a boy.
Hello.
Aren't you so snuggly today?
Yeah.
You're scritches.
You're snuggly scritches.
Oh yeah.
But uh, thank you guys.
I'm coming over.
I have my headphones on.
Nonetheless, thank you for your support.
I appreciate it.
I care about you guys.
It's only been like a week and a half.
And I am just so thankful and feel like I don't deserve any of it.
But I do, cause I'm your mistress stomps on your face.
Fuck you.
I'm the best you've ever had, bitch.
I hope my neighbors can't hear me, cause I was stuck.
Shibi was my first ever exposure that led me to the other girls.
And I found her funny and amusing.
I couldn't wait until debut and streams began.
So I'm pretty happy to see her.
Hope things gave me, oh, thank you.
Thank you.
I appreciate it.
You guys are like, you guys are too good to all of us.
That's what I mean.
Like you guys, um, you guys are so sweet.
Like, I'm gonna preach.
Only know a night and tipped $100.
Jesus.
Have my wallet.
I mean my wallet.
I mean, what the fuck anonymous tipped $100.
We love you, madam.
Please step on us.
Guys.
Fucking mad lads.
Thank you.
Only know only chan anonymous tip to dollars.
Is this how we win?
Thank you.
Jesus.
Oh, what I was gonna say, I'll say it from across the room.
You can't see me.
I'm waving.
Hello.
Hi.
I'm far away.
Um, like I added.
You guys are gonna make fun of me and that's okay.
I don't mind it.
Cause I'm a grown bitch.
All right.
If you're going to call me a bitch,
you better put sense in it in front of it.
Um, but I put on my throne a bed frame.
Because I'm a grown bitch.
I'm a grown bitch.
I'm a grown bitch.
I'm a grown bitch.
I'm a grown bitch.
Um, but I put on my throne a bed frame because I don't have one.
I've been sleeping on a mattress on the floor for almost two years now.
Like, you know, that one picture of that guy, like, like he's like, uh, right.
My apartment is like a TV in like a lawn chair.
My apartment was that for the longest time.
And you guys are just so nice.
Somebody bought me a bed frame and I'm like,
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
I don't have to sleep on the floor.
Uh, people are too kind.
That's like, I, I hope that like when I become big enough,
I can spread that sort of love, you know,
like, uh, do like, uh, charity streams.
I think that would be really cool.
That would be really neat.
The water, ah!
It's burning myself in the water.
But yeah, like, I would love to also just like help out smaller creators
by like, collabing with smaller creators or like, um,
maybe like,
picking someone in a community who like wants to be a Vtuber, like helping them fund their model.
I feel like that would probably go bad, but you know, I'm just too nice for my own fucking good.
We need help. Okay.
I know someone who's went to UK and still does on the streamer.
I remember it when I, um, one of my friends,
she like, uh, one of my, like, um, Jesus fuck.
Anonymous tipped $50.
Here's to a future bed frame.
Also, give some to your dad.
No, I have a bed frame, but thank you.
I will.
I'll let him buy some of my comic books or something.
He'll treat himself.
It's like, I don't know, like, Starbucks coffee or something.
When I first started streaming, one of the people I became a mutuals with,
she just, she started streaming later than me,
and then someone donated her 7k dot, like 7k.
I remember the context as to why they were just like,
and just like whipped it at her during stream.
And I'm sitting there watching the stream.
I'm like, what the fuck?
Like people just like, people are, yeah.
I was like, holy crap.
People just like, I just, I just want to know, I'm like, what did they do as a job?
Like, you know those guys that like do this tiktoks?
They're like, hey, what do you do for a living?
I just want to ask those people what they do for a living.
Just buy one big bed frame and combine them.
Crazy.
I imagine like a, like a Saudi prince just like really being obsessed with VTubers.
That's actually kind of awesome.
But, um, like, but it's, but it's you guys.
Like, I need to make this point to you.
It's you guys that keep the VTubing community afloat.
Don't ever forget that without our fan base, there would be no us.
There would be no VTuber and VTubing.
So that's why your support means a lot.
However, you know, there's a fine line just because you do donate.
It does not mean you're entitled to all the VTubers attention, et cetera.
Just, yeah, I don't think I really need to elaborate on that because you are all adults, mostly some of you, I presume, here.
I'm going to get rich so I can do the ties, right?
Like, I like, so like, I always said to myself, I'm like, okay, if I ever blow up and become like a VTuber, fuck you, money, I'm just throwing it at other streamers.
I'm just fucking you.
Left, right.
You get cash.
You get cash.
You get cash.
Because I'm not someone who like needs a lot.
Like, I'm cool.
All I want is a house and I'm good.
I want a house and debt-free.
I'm just living with my cats and my chickens and my goats and my quail.
I decided I want quail, by the way.
And I want to run a rescue and that's it.
That's it.
That's it.
I don't care for fucking fancy cars.
I don't wear a designer because that's fucking stupid.
So I'm like, yeah, we're chilling.
We're chilling.
And my BDSM room.
Yep.
Imagine I get a house and I just have like a red room from like 50 Shades and I just
film everything in there.
I have like the cat cam and it's just like, there's a little like bed and on a like,
like human furniture.
Like I have somebody just like sitting there, just like holding my cats up.
No peacocks.
I don't know what I would do with peacocks when I sell the feathers.
And I also want to pay off my mom's debt and my dad's debt and buy my parents a house.
I mean, it's like an overlay but I'll, I guess, considering you're a Don Lorwitz.
Don't go to the basement.
That's where Mercy is though.
She lives in my, the apartment below me.
The like, the, what is it?
Like the in-law suite or whatever it's called.
I don't remember what it's called.
I don't know if they call it the same thing in other places outside of America.
But like normally there's like a whole other like livable space below like the main house
that usually people like have their family live in.
So Mercy's down there.
She's in the basement with her, you know, senpai.
She likes to tie up.
She doesn't question it or anything.
And keeps all, yeah, exactly.
She keeps all you guys there.
Feelers just want to go.
I made a joke.
I'm like, viewer content house when?
And we were all like, ah.
It's just Zoe burger but like V2 burgers.
You could sell farm.
That's what I want to do.
I want to sell chicken eggs.
And I want to sell quail eggs.
And Strani is like this.
I'm telling you, me and her are the same person.
I'm just brown and she's Scottish because she said she wants to do the same exact thing.
And she just wants to have a little nice sanctuary in this like live in the countryside or some shit
and take care of her animals.
And I love her for that.
Has any content house gone well?
No.
We're changing that.
We all have to move to one country for our content.
I don't know.
What would be the best place for us to move?
What kind of brown on you?
The biracial kind?
I don't know.
What flavor of black are you?
Texas.
I'm not fucking going to Texas.
No, I have had people.
So like, again, I work in retail.
People always because I'm very ethnically ambiguous looking.
I got mistaken for so many different things because I just, I don't know.
I'm like fucking mystique from X-Men.
I just look like everybody except Asian.
Actually, no, that's a lie.
One time somebody thought I was Malaysian.
They thought I was mixed because how I like did my makeup and like it was when I was really into K-pop idols.
So I did my makeup like them and it gave me a little bit of like a little Malaysian look and I was like, I look hot as fuck.
But I'm not Asian.
I'm blue.
Yes, I'm blue.
What's my hex code?
Hey, but what kind of would you ever want to come up here?
I've actually been, yeah, this is, I guess this is Zatsu so much for playing a game.
I hate myself.
I've been to Quebec and I've been to Montreal.
Oh, I do like those places.
I love Zatsu.
Every stream is a Zatsu in disguise.
This is like aim stream?
It's because I get distracted and I go off on tangents and then I want to elaborate on those tangents.
And then you guys ask me another question and then I get more.
It's your fault.
It's all I'm going to say.
Oh, her name is, how the fuck do I know her name now?
Ah, hold on.
I need to sip a tea before I start this.
I don't even, I'm not even diagnosed ADHD.
I'm just, I'm just fucking weird.
Chat reflects the streamer.
Good point.
Nine more hours and we hit the daily and strength interns quota.
I don't even get questioned.
People thought I was Chinese, Japanese, Korean, but I'm Filipino.
Just monolingual and stuff.
Yeah, I understand.
Um, oh yeah.
But my, my story, I'm just going to do it.
Then I'll do, um, I'll say my story, then I'll continue with the game.
I fucking promise.
I'm adding to my goal list.
Like actually do nothing but a game for the, for two hours.
Well, that'll kind of, well, good thing we're playing power,
power watch simulator tomorrow.
Cause then I can, yeah, and game.
I'll probably just end up standing around and the girls are doing all the work
and I'm just like, no, no, no, no, no.
Shabby, shut up.
Okay.
Um, so this person came in and they were speaking to me and they were
speaking to me and Spanish.
And I'm like, Lo siento, no hablas espaol.
Um, I only speak English.
And they were just like, what?
And I'm like, yeah, they're like, but you look Spanish.
And I'm like, I'm not.
They're just like, yeah, but you're Spanish.
And I'm like, but I'm not.
And they're like, you're Spanish.
I'm like, I'm, I'm black.
And they're like, no, you're not.
And I'm like, what the fuck?
They're like, you don't look black.
And I'm like, my mom is white.
I don't know what you want me to tell you.
I'm Mr. Worldwide.
I'm Shibi Worldwide.
And the person's just like, well, you look Spanish.
You should learn Spanish.
And they're like, okay, what type of black are you?
I'm like, I'm Haitian.
I'm half, I'm half Haitian.
And then I'm like a bunch of other white things.
Literally, I have like a 15 thing list on my mom's side of what I am.
And they're just like, oh, but like, Haiti's like right next to the Dominican.
So you're pretty much Spanish.
And I'm like, oh my fucking god.
You're like, you came from there?
I'm like, no, I was, I was born in America.
Please.
And I'm just sitting there and then they would like speak in like Spanglish to me.
And it's also hard because I, because I worked at my job for so long and we have a very large Spanish speaking population.
I do know quite a bit of Spanish and I could kind of usually follow along to what people are saying.
So she would slip into Spanish and I would just respond in English.
And so she's like, she looked at me and said, you're fucking lying to me in Spanish.
And I'm like, no, I'm not lying to you.
She's like, how do you know what I'm saying?
And I'm like, I'm, I just know a little bit of Spanish.
Like, what are you?
The racial mental gymnastics.
But it's funny because then like, but it's, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm not going to tell you my last name,
but I will say my last name is Arabic, but I'm not Arabic.
I'm not, I don't even know where that comes from.
And so people, customers who hear my last name that are like Middle Eastern or from Africa or from what they're just like,
Oh, speaks to me in Arabic.
And I'm just like, and then I have people who are from Egypt because apparently I look at gypsy and they're like speaks to me in the main language of Egypt.
And I'm like, no, I have people who think I'm like Cape Verdean and they're just like speaks to me in Cape Verdean.
And then I also know a little bit of Chinese.
So people will be like, Oh, are you half Chinese?
I'm like, no.
All I said was Ni Hao Ma.
What was she?
She's here.
That's all I know.
Yeah.
My last name.
Yeah, cotton bum is an Arabic last name.
I don't know though.
But yeah, I'm very, it's very fun because I usually, because customers will be like, okay, what are you?
I'm like, guess.
And so I get like the widest fucking range of guesses.
You know that like one guy who, um, what's his name?
Thanks to Cody Co.
Noel Miller.
Is that his name?
Yeah.
Who did like, they were like big on vine and all that shit.
You know how everybody like tries to guess his race?
That is how my customers are with me.
Just learn Spanish.
Full of Duolingo.
Because I don't even know what Noel Miller is.
I'm like, is he Asian?
Is he Spanish?
Is he something else?
Is he just white?
In the end, I'm just a guy.
I'm sorry if that breaks your immersion.
Apologize.
I know some people don't like to hear about this sort of stuff, but I'm an honest person and I like to talk and I like to yeah.
So, and then you would have fucking found out anyways when you see my tan ass hand.
On a hand cam stream.
Or my legs on a thigh cam stream.
You'd be like, Leonardo DiCaprio point.
What the fuck is that?
My immersion.
I do have bunny ears though.
I genuinely have bunny ears.
Don't, don't forget that like I actually have bunny ears.
I was born with a deformity.
I don't like to talk about it.
I do have bunny ears.
I don't have human ears.
I just have bunny ears.
Yep.
It's fine.
YouTube just tends to add a lighter filter.
That's actually true though.
When I was streaming on Twitch and I did my first hand cam doing like kind of the cooking popping the popping cooking that like Emmy did.
My hands look so fucking white on Twitch for my webcam.
The people were like, why the fuck are you talking about being proud?
And I'm like, no, the saturation was down.
The lighting was bad.
I'm telling you, I haven't been outside in many moons.
I changed colors.
I'm a fucking chameleon.
Sure.
My white mother laughs at me in the daily because she's darker than me right now.
Yes, I am working on getting a tan toggle for my avatar for my avatar for me.
What the fuck am I saying?
This isn't avatar the last airbender or the blue people.
My vitamin D deficient.
Yes.
Yes, I am.
Give me some of that D.
Sunny D.
Unleash the power of the sun.
Am I right?
Well, no, it'll be a toggle.
I'm going to be pulling an iron mouse.
I've already said that.
Pulling an iron mouse.
I'm going to be she be cotton bum and she be copper bum.
Instead of copper cat.
Copper.
Copper bum.
Ah, yes.
Is it me streaming today?
I haven't looked at the fucking schedule.
Log in.
No, she's not streaming today.
Okay.
I'll stream a little bit past my time so we can actually get to game.
Is there in two hours?
Okay, I'll probably, I'll stream into a zero then.
Any relation to Rodney copper?
No.
I am canonically related to every bunny character.
However, distant related to Mr. Hopps and Lola Bunny, Jessica Rabbit,
and all other bunny VTubers also fall under that sphere.
The AutoCast fashion one.
At some point.
If only there was a combined schedule for other girls that we can see.
Well, we have our own little thing for that.
I just looked at it.
You guys can make your own.
I think Manesan is working on updating the website,
so it does show all of our schedules.
That would actually be really cool.
Bonnie from FNA- yes.
BigChunkus is a cousin of mine.
Jessica Rabbit was just her married name.
Yeah, because I'm related to Roger Rabbit.
And Jessica is related to me by marriage.
Yep.
LowPunny is my first cousin once.
No.
No.
This is not Alabama.
Bugs Bunny.
Yeah, they're related to me.
Related to JoJo Rabbit.
I actually watched them the other day.
It was pretty actually fucking funny.
I love Taiko.
I didn't finish it though.
I think I fell asleep.
You can see the resemblance.
Yeah.
Although, how do we have resemblance if she's related to me by marriage, guys?
Related to Peter Rabbit.
He's a...
Any anthropomorphic bunnies,
like LowPunny because she's like a Pokemon,
but she doesn't have sentience like a human like Bugs does.
They are not really...
They are extremely distant.
Extremely distant, you know?
Okay, is it funny or is it boring that you fell asleep midway?
No, I just fell...
I was just up really late.
And I just...
Sometimes, you know how you put something on to fall asleep too?
Or just to listen to?
I was really into the first half.
I literally...
I think 30 minutes or 40 minutes to finish.
Yes, I do have acme powers.
And my acme powers, it means I can inflate, flatten out,
do a lot of different things.
Just like, you know, how Bugs Bunny does in cartoons
and Roger Rabbit, I am...
I do have toon powers.
I do have toon powers, yep.
So basically, exactly.
Just like Luffy.
Toon for you, exactly.
No.
No inflation.
None of that.
None of that inflation cake, please.
Chibi Chungus.
Does paint thinner kill you?
It hurts a little.
Like it burns a little.
It's like when you stick your hand on a hot stove,
but it won't kill me.
You're not Google Sonic.
I wasn't planning on Googling Sonic inflation.
It's too late, you're canonizing.
I am...
I can retcon it too.
I can retcon it too, bitch.
Won't kill you, but this is mean you'll enjoy it.
Exactly.
Inflation in this economy.
Cartoon versus anime jeans.
Exactly, because like I have my anime jeans
and I have my cartoon jeans, you know?
Who are my parents?
I don't know.
To be honest with you, I don't know who my parents are.
My RTX parents, they're pretty cool,
but my 2D parents, I don't really know too much about them.
One might be, you know, one might be just like,
I don't like, there is a family rumor.
I kind of try to ignore it that Jessica Rabbit is my mom
and that she cheated on Roger with bugs
or it's like Lola cheated on bugs with Roger.
I don't know the truth of that.
So I try not to worry about it too much
because you know, I'm not trying to,
I don't need, I already have like a familial relationship with them.
I don't want to fuck it up, you know?
I don't want to make it weird by being like,
oh, like taking paternity tests and all that shit, you know?
What the fuck am I on right now?
You know, it's just like, you know, weird family stuff.
Weird family stuff.
Yeah, or Lola cheated on bugs with Jessica.
I don't know.
I don't know how that works.
There was a rumor that, you know,
on Jessica was packing.
I don't know.
Okay, we're crazy.
The chat for 14 of my immortal.
Random Lord.
Oh yeah, what the fuck was I doing?
Oh yeah, playing a game.
I literally just talked for two hours.
What the fuck?
I didn't even play the fucking game.
All right.
I need a sip of tea.
Jessica Rabbit canonically rugged.
What?
Yeah, retract that message.
What the fuck is that?
I should play there is no game like that one.
And then just like, just talk the other time
because there's no game because I'm just talking.
Uh, the customer who looked tired.
You came.
Yeah, I did.
That's right.
The customer who came.
I mean, who looked tired.
I'm here.
It makes me happy.
Oh, are you feeling nervous?
Is this...
Why are the dudes in the back fucking unlockable characters?
Is this your first time at a place like this?
Is that guy over there?
Okay.
Like he doesn't have a face.
Don't worry about it.
Uh, okay.
Well, that's right.
I've never been here.
I see.
Well, then I guess I'll give you a brief explanation
on how it works because you haven't started
the fucking game yet.
It's been two hours.
I love the dude profile.
It's to give the main character.
Please.
I don't know anything.
So this will help.
The name of the shop is Bunny Garden,
a fun place to drink.
We're run.
We're owned by Wonderland Enterprises.
The CEO is Shibi...
Shut the fuck up.
You can't say her name.
I'm sure you can't say...
Okay, sorry.
Never mind one of the girls said I can't talk about it.
That's all.
Oh, uh, seems like I should understand,
but I don't.
Well, you'll gradually get used to it.
So it's okay.
I'll be really happy if you come here lots of times.
You'll come here...
Lots of times, won't you?
You'll come...
Here...
In my Bunny Garden...
Lots of times, right?
Anyways...
I agree.
To do that, I have to work hard at my current job
because I have to take responsibility.
Well then,
I want you to be able to do your best
so I hope I can give you a lot of healing.
Drop your pants!
This is really good tea.
I'm sorry, I choked a little bit a moment ago.
So sorry.
Okay.
What's commence?
If I feel if I work harder,
my dick gets hard.
I'll feel better.
Why did you say it?
Don't worry about it.
It's decided!
Oh, I'm sorry.
I didn't hear your order.
Here you are.
This is the menu.
Right.
Maybe you'll have a drink.
You guys got...
Wait, what's...
Icy Nade,
and Sheeby Nade,
and Amy Nade,
and Azura Nade,
and Mercy Nade,
and Strani Nade.
It's in a section called Lemon Nades.
Can you elaborate?
It just says in the description
fresh from the source.
What does that mean?
Sorry, I can't elaborate on the drink menu.
You'll have to talk to my superior.
Okay.
I guess I'll just have a normal drink then.
What drink did you want?
A pricier drink could increase...
A pricier drink can increase my likability?
What the fuck?
Can I...
I'll have to use my arrows.
Where's the sound?
Oh, my headphones are turned off.
Excuse me.
I feel like I need to spend a bag.
Oh, wait, I have to use these.
Which is the most expensive drink on the menu?
Jesus fuck.
Bunny trap?
I'll take the House Lemon Sour.
Oh, so the Immy Nade.
Yeah, whatever.
I want to drink something too.
I have to buy you a drink?
Is this what...
like bars are like?
Like some bars are in Japan?
Cause like I've never been to like a maid cafe
or like any of that stuff.
Again, I'm very...
I don't have a sort of thing in America.
Cabaret bars?
It's a hostess club?
Yeah, we don't have those around.
That's really actually...
I'm like thinking, I'm like,
wait, that'd be a good job.
It's like Hooters, except they buy you drinks.
If you don't drink them to drinks,
they'll pour...
What if one of the girls gets fucking shit-faced?
Cause if you don't drink them to drinks,
they'll pour...
What if one of the girls gets fucking shit-faced?
Cause if you don't drink them to drinks,
cause if you're like hanging out
and drinking with people all the time,
like if like, you have five customers
and they just keep buying you drinks,
like are you limited to like one customer?
Like what is how does...
What's the...
I need an explanation here.
Actually, yeah,
I remember someone said they were like
trying to make a VTuber hostess bar.
That would actually be really fucking cool.
Like do you like hologram, Miku?
Except make it a VTuber 3D model.
And I will gladly sit and have a drink with you
and then I'll probably die
because I can't handle all the call that will.
I'll buy you some...
a special highball.
Actually, you're a nice lady.
I'm gonna buy you a fine wine.
Oh, this is great.
I love this.
Whoa.
Hello?
I can zoom?
I can give them presents?
Holy shit.
So being a hostess bar is literally like
being a girlfriend in a hoe without the sex.
And you just gotta be nice to people.
I would be so fucking good at that.
Cause like I have a very nice and charismatic personality.
Just saying.
Look it.
There's a couple of you guys here.
It means you like me.
GFE for a night?
Fendom but with interaction?
No, cause like...
Fendom, like usually the dimes only take, they don't give.
Thank you, Velvet Queen.
Absolute mad lad Velvet Queen with the 127?
I'm literally talking about...
I'm getting panty shots and people are giving me 100 bucks.
What's wrong with it?
There's something wrong with this picture.
Thank you, thank you so much.
I'm doing a little heart.
I'm doing a little heart.
A little sa-dang-yay for you.
They bought me a drink.
It was a very expensive drink.
Thank you.
How do I zoom?
How do I zoom?
Let me zoom it.
I'm like fucking a...
I can't even remember the meme.
I just want to zoom.
It's chat.
Did you even tell me your name?
I'm getting kind of nervous.
I mean, it's going to be the first time I meet this next customer.
You know I'm right here.
Like I can hear everything you're saying out loud.
My heart feels like it's going to explode from how fast it's racing.
Why are you ignoring me?
Oh, what am I saying?
The purpose of this place is to make customers feel relaxed.
Not stressed.
Yeah, but you're stressing me out because you're acting fucking crazy talking to yourself.
If I'm in a state like this, I'm sure the customer is going to feel the same.
Come on now, you've got this.
Bitch, what the fuck are you on?
Sorry, I'm schizophrenic.
Okay, let's start off with the reasonable.
Huh?
The first step in the order is to become friends.
You're the customer, so please go right ahead with everything you've got.
You can't see what I'm doing, so I'm taking my arm.
I'm throwing it over my shoulder.
I'm throwing it in front of myself like I have a giant cock.
That's my first step.
You like what you see?
Huh?
I mean...
She said, show me what you got, so I showed her what I got.
You're fine, don't worry about it.
I hurt my elbow.
Oh my god.
She's my words carefully.
What a better hug.
What, no hug?
There was a dude at my job that would do that, and I fucking hated him.
He'd be like, where's my hug?
I'm like, non-existent.
Sorry, a customer is calling, bye.
I'm sorry, if you do that to girls, you're fucking annoying.
Where my hug at?
And then, sometimes, because like for me...
So I have OCD and certain like feelings and like pressure and textures.
Maybe I'm just autistic.
Really bother me.
I don't like to be hugged too much unless I really like you or for like a really close family member or family friend or my parents.
Like I literally will only let like Salem and Olive and my parents hug me and my family members.
But like when like...
Because I'll say like people are like really touchy-feely and like, I don't know, like I'm just not like that.
Yeah, I'm sorry, physical touch is not my love language.
Naturally as a dom, it's acts of service.
So get on your knees and eat this cushy-coochie.
Madam Desiree Savis?
I need a bell.
I need a bell to ring.
Do I have a bell?
I know I have a fucking bell.
Well, it's not a bell actually.
It's, I think it's my candle snuffer.
Snuffing?
Let's see where it is.
But it like sounds like a bell.
Oh, it's not dinging.
Usually it makes a ding noise.
Damn it.
Matty perquias dick!
Dick actus once!
Just imagine bell noises, okay?
Thank you.
Or coochie.
We don't discriminate in this household.
Okay.
So a toast or something?
That's what I just fucking said.
That's the spirit.
You seem eager to start drinking.
But don't you think sharing each other's names comes first?
Well, by the little bar that's next to your body,
I can kind of surmise your name is Kanna,
or Kanna, or can I eat your pussy out tonight?
What?
Never mind.
Anyways, I'd love to know more about you.
Right.
My name is Haito Kanna.
Yeah, Kanda.
I will butcher Japanese names.
I apologize to my Japanese friends.
The Vaude staying up!
Relax, the Vaude staying up.
Relax.
Oh, I just remembered,
because I just see someone with Oshimarks in their name
that aren't mine.
Fuck you, first of all.
But I don't really blame you,
because my Oshimarks don't work on YouTube.
So, we're going to do a quick tangent.
When I say quick, I mean 30 minutes.
I was going to suggest that we pick
some that are YouTube-friendly.
I forgot to actually see that.
I was going to suggest that we pick
some that are YouTube-friendly.
I forgot to actually see that.
Only 30?
That's optimistic!
Slow your fucking roll, kid, okay?
Don't disrespect me in my own households.
I'm roping, but yeah.
I know, mercies don't, like,
mercies scissors don't work.
Your vote is a snail in a tongue.
Yeah, I see, yeah, polar bear doesn't work.
But, like, bear and ice cube make sense.
That works.
Oh!
Since the bunny works,
I will be bold and suggest the heal
and the other bunny.
But the bunny doesn't work.
Is it the bunny face?
Because the bunny, like, body doesn't work.
But, like, try to put the bunny,
because, like, you know,
like, you look at my old videos,
I had the rope in the bunny in my title.
I might have taken it out, actually.
They don't show up.
They just show up as squares.
So I think the bunny head would work,
and then the high-heeled shoe would work.
The bunny twins in an act!
That's just the shining.
No, it was the, it was the,
it's the bunny with the body
and the rope.
They both don't work.
Is it device to shoot?
No.
Because that's,
the second one you posted, Nugget,
isn't an emote, actually.
Like a, like a normal emote, I don't think.
Okay, here, let's, let's do this together.
Well, put some in your fucking name,
then we'll see.
What a fitting game.
All right.
Now I have to pick them.
Damn, can you even test a working chat?
Yeah, it looks like, see, they're working chat.
But if you put them in your name, doesn't work.
Oshimark can just be the membership icon.
You mean the Gimp Bunny?
I don't...
No, but the, no, I want Oshimarks!
I'm not settling!
A bunny in vomit?
You fell for that.
A bunny in a knife?
I'm not, no, I would say probably a heart
in a knife for mercy.
I'm gonna say
the gunny, if you will.
Is there, there's only a pistol.
I wish, I wish they had like this water pistol.
I wish they had the old gun back.
I use this account for normal stuff, though.
Well, that's too fucking bad.
I'm not changing my Oshimarks.
Like, this is the only specific to,
actually, you know what?
Until membership's open,
if you wanna show your support
and show that you're a harem member,
you can put just the red high-heeled shoe in your name.
So I don't think anybody uses that.
I said, yeah, the red high-heeled shoe would be cool.
Cause I think the red high-heeled shoe works.
And then like some bunny doesn't even,
that can just be anybody.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, bunny head, red heel.
Pig.
Yeah, whatever fucking one works.
But just the red heel, definitely.
Cause that one's obvious.
Some bunny, what's told me?
A rat?
That would be more emmy.
She got rats.
Yeah, so you can do,
you can do a heel in whatever your heart desires.
What's an Oshimark?
I like to explain it as,
imagine it's a cutie mark.
Of your favorite VTuber.
But what's a cutie mark?
It's a little symbol that shows aspects
of the pony's personality.
For example, Twilight Sparkle.
She's purplish, like Twilight.
And there's a sparkler in her name.
So it's like a purply sparkle on her punch.
I've always said that Oshimarks are just cutie marks.
Oshimarks.
Did you put a red heel in a pregnant man?
That was good.
That was fucking good.
That got me.
Mmm, some pop rocks to eat.
I'm yum.
What are you looking at me like?
What the fuck are you doing?
Good night.
No, there's this, I think there's a setting
just to like put it in your name,
like your display name.
Only if you want to.
Oh, look at you guys with your bunny heel.
Ow, it makes me happy.
Oh my God, that makes me so happy.
I'll add it to my description.
Like if you want to show your support,
here are the YouTube Oshimarks.
And I'll just put like the bunny in the heel.
Heal in a nose.
Cool.
My day is made.
Bro, I was so productive today.
I went to the doctor's office.
I paid some bills.
I still haven't done my dishes.
I picked up my mail and my packages.
I'm streaming.
I got lunch.
I'm feeling good today.
I napped for 30 minutes.
It was more like 15.
These Pop Rocks are so fucking good.
I'm adulting.
Can you play the game now, please?
Can you please play the game?
Shabee.
Shabee, you play the-
Shut the fuck up.
The big kids are talking, the big kids.
The adults are talking.
I just choked in a pop,
almost in a pop socket.
Pop Rock.
Suck my left titties.
Anyways.
You don't need to keep looking at me like that.
There's a cake.
Pop Rocks are awful.
Nobody asked.
Did anyone ask?
What is that?
Oh, nobody asked.
That's crazy.
Anyways.
I'm more of a righty guy.
You don't need to keep looking at me like that.
I'm a righty guy.
You don't need to keep looking at me like that.
Oh, sorry.
I wanted to remember your name and face, you see.
So, well, I look like the other two guys in this place.
I'm just a black void.
Yeah, I know, but you know.
There's no need to worry.
I've matched your face to your name now.
But I look-
I'm an unlockable character.
Okay, it's my turn now.
Oh, alright.
My name's Kana.
I don't mind if you give me a nickname,
but I sure you hope to-
Yeah.
Alright.
I'll call you Conti.
Because you're a cunt.
You talk to yourself a lot.
I'll do my best to match your name to your face then.
Kana-Chan.
Yeah.
Gonna come on her chin.
What was that?
Oh, sorry.
Kana-Chan.
Hey, stop it.
You're making me all flustered.
I- I didn't know it felt this embarrassing to be stared at.
Well, you got massive fucking jugs.
So...
I suppose there's some things you learned from first-hand experience.
Yup, I guess I got a little smarter from this whole situation.
What are you talking about?
Well, tell me more about yourself, Haidoku.
Ugh, I messed up real bad at work recently,
and because of that, the boss fired me.
So I've been assisting a friend at his-
I wonder what he did for his job.
Like, what did he fuck up?
If you ever do a compilation of streams, this will definitely make it.
An intrusive thoughts are waiting today.
His nickname is longer than her real name.
It's more like you're cleaning and not making more dirty dishes to clean dishes up.
Yeah, it's because I had dishes in the dishwasher,
I still need to take them out and put the other dishes away,
and then put the new ones in the dishwasher.
I stole someone's sandwich.
Probably forgot to use MLA format.
That's what I'm going with.
I need burp.
My god.
I really like the like-
like the stuff coming from the ceiling that the-
all the drinks are on, that's actually really fucking cool.
Like the- the place in here is pretty sick.
Oh, that sounds rough.
Anyways, wanna buy me another drink?
If I was in your shoes, I probably wouldn't even be able to eat.
You should just kill yourself.
What?
Uh, though, I- sorry, I meant to say, though I'm sure words
can't express how awful you must feel.
I'm so sorry.
Did you just tell me to kill me?
No!
Silly.
Alright, I- I got it.
I'm going to do my absolute best
in order for you to get back on your feet.
What the fuck?
Are you gonna do- are you gonna give me a job?
The time you spend here will be-
I'm- I'm gonna ignore that.
The time you spend here will be a constant smile.
I can assure you that much.
I hope we get a long haitoku.
Can you keep drinking haitoku?
Don't push yourself, okay?
I have like five other guys I need to hang out with.
And we're gonna get some burgers and fries later.
I can't- should I keep talking to her?
This game sucks, dude.
No, no.
No, no.
That's funny.
Okay.
Wow, is it already this late?
I'll head back home.
Jesus fuck.
Thank you for today.
See you soon.
Yeah, thanks for everything.
See you soon.
Mom, Dad, I have a girlfriend.
Yeah, she works at a hostess bar
and her pay like 4500 yen to see her,
but she's really sweet.
She gives me greater life advice.
I could talk to my cat for free.
Save the Rizzing Brothers?
Okay, got you.
It was such a nice place
and the customer service was great.
Maybe I'll go there for the time being.
I was sick.
Do I need- oh.
Okay.
Cool.
I can spend 6k yen on socks?
Yeah, I'm buying girl socks
and then I'm gonna make her wear them
and then give them back to me.
Duh.
I don't want to sniff her fucking socks.
Alright, what's the calendar?
Make a girl out to dinner first.
Oh!
Thank you, Ninka.
I love it.
I have like really bad-
because when I watch movies, I do this too.
I really bad impulse like to say stupid shit
during a movie or like a TV show that I'm watching
and I do it a lot and I'm like-
I remember thinking and like also when I play games
and then like seeing that people like did that on
like for streamers and for YouTube,
I'm like why the fuck don't I become a streamer?
Like I do this on a daily.
I do this to my- like I just talk to my cats.
I stream to my cats.
All of them.
I can sleep.
I can go on vacation.
Does that- are we fucking on vacation?
Why are there only three girls?
Two of them look the same.
They're dressed like they're-
Bunny Power Rangers.
I just-
Tyrannactyl!
Tyrannosaurus!
I never get the fucking blue one.
Macedon!
Is it Macedon?
What time for-
Oh!
Hi, Rhea.
Hi, Mamosa.
Oh, sorry.
Triceratops!
Yeah, the leaders from Pokemon Go.
This one's me.
Me with ponytails.
This one
is-
None of the girls in our group look like that.
This is Emmy because they have the same pigtails.
No, I wouldn't-
Never mind.
That's not-
None of these girls are us because
I've been making some-
If this was Emmy,
I'd be making serious savers from really stupid shit.
Although,
Telling someone to kill themselves.
Telling someone to kill themselves.
It's very on-gagged for her.
How's it going?
How was the stream?
My sweet, sweet Yume Plus girls.
My sweet girls.
So, so cute.
So silly.
Guys, please check out Yume Plus and
the girls because
they are-
Mamosa is
unhinged just like me.
She's trying to give me her lotion tonic.
See? There you go.
They're such cute girls.
I'm honestly surprised they're not like
fucking ginormous.
They should be.
I love watching their streams.
They don't know, but I creep on their streams
and I like to giggle at them a lot.
I just lurk.
Help!
Yeah, yeah, I'm watching you.
I'm watching you, Mamosa.
I'm gonna drink you like a Mamosa.
Okay, anyways, let's gamble.
Gambling up to ten times.
If I was a true gambler,
I would have no limit.
I'm leaving!
Okay, I'm staying.
Yeah, pull up a chair.
Pull up a chair, baby girl.
Pull up a chair, baby girl.
Come hang out in my bunny garden.
Yeah.
Can we play Blackjack?
What the hell is this?
Is this a Skull King from Inscription?
Gambling!
Wait!
I don't even fucking play a game.
I just lose money?
Are you serious?
I'm never fucking using this again.
Why would I ever gamble?
What is the point?
Now I have less money.
But like, I wish,
I thought there'd be like a cute mini game
where I play like Blackjack
or like poker
or like fucking Solitaire.
I don't know.
What the hell, man?
I've been cheated.
You can save Skum till you win.
No, I'm not going to do that.
I was lost 20 bucks!
Let's do it again.
Can I like,
can I just like, skip ahead?
I don't care about this fucking splash screen.
No!
No!
No!
Alright, let's do it again.
I just used 31k yet!
Run it back!
Run it back!
Run me my, oh fuck, I lost again.
Okay, no.
This sucks!
Just skip, fuck, you guys are like,
I love this game!
No, I don't!
I feel like we're going to debt.
I remember I went to a casino with $50
and I lost it all
and I cried.
It was only $50.
It wasn't even my $50.
It was my, it was Olive's
because we were celebrating
that she got a gig in an acting thing
and she was with her friends to a casino.
But I was like,
I was just like broke
because like,
I had like a lot of health bills and shit
and so she was like,
gave me 50 bucks
and I was like,
ah, yay!
And I was like,
I'm going to flip this
and give you your 50 bucks back.
I lost it.
I will never gamble.
That shit is terrible.
Well, hello there.
Obi-Wan Kenobi?
Yes.
Thanks for visiting me today.
I don't want to talk to you!
Can I talk to one of the other girls?
Can I just buy you a drink?
Give me a gin and tonic.
Yeah.
Can I have some too?
No bitch, I'm broke.
Fine.
I'll buy you some water
with ice.
How about that?
You're getting less semi.
You're getting this whatever the fuck this is.
Pay some music.
Okay.
You don't have to relax, okay?
Keep your panties on.
Turn around.
Oh.
What?
Are you serious?
If I don't buy, I swap girl?
Damn.
Well, I don't want to give my present to you.
Because I don't know why,
but you kind of just bother me
and your boobs are like breathing.
How does that even work?
I'm breathing right now.
I'm looking down at my boobs.
My boobs don't separate
and have breath in life of their own.
This isn't working.
Their boobs have lungs.
You know, I don't breathe.
She's got a bigger chest.
My chest is as big as hers.
I'm not even fucking joking.
Her brain is there too.
When I go for a jog,
my tit punches me in the face.
Okay.
Proof?
You want proof?
Boom.
There's your proof.
There's your proof.
Anyways.
Cut the music!
Put it back on!
Uh, there's food?
Aw.
I haven't eaten in a couple days.
Do you want some edamame?
Huh? What's wrong?
You seem puzzled.
It just seems like you're a broke ass bitch
and you only got edamame.
So like,
why couldn't you have gotten me like sushi or something?
Huh?
Got it!
Haitaku!
You're Haitaku!
Wow!
You forgot my name.
Yeah, so that's what you got.
You forgot my name
and was trying desperately to remember it.
That's not...
I don't like you.
I don't like you.
I don't like you.
Give me another girl.
Customer service here sucks.
Can I speak to your manager?
Can I speak to your manager?
Bring me the manager.
Bring me the fucking manager.
I want to be a dick.
Can I be a dick and just say hi?
I'm Kaido.
No, because then she's just going to remember my name wrong.
Well, I'm never going to talk to her again,
so actually I'm Kaido.
I was one letter off.
I mean, sorry about that.
Where are you giggling?
Wait, you tricked me!
Anyways, dick, don't worry about me.
I'll never forget your name anymore.
So don't worry, okay?
Too late.
I am wanting to talk to the girl in blue,
so hurry up.
Thanks, but no thanks.
I'm really sure it's hard for you to remember
every customer's name like that.
Yeah.
Guys kind of all look the same,
like unlockable characters,
and I wish you had name tags or something.
You know, something cute,
like what you see a kindergartner wearing.
Sorry.
I'm only joking, of course.
I'm a lollicon.
I'm a pro in my field.
Remembering names is my specialty.
Well, you did remember my name at the same time.
Oh, I'm off, so you're still here.
Hahaha!
I'm actually being faceless fuck.
Well, you did seem to remember my name
within seconds before.
Seems like you're doing great for my eyes.
Weird, you don't have any.
Yeah, I know.
Aw, thanks.
You really are kind.
Aren't you Haidokun?
It's Kaido,
like the Vocaloid.
I'll make sure to never forget your name.
Haidokun, should I get more drinks?
I want to keep talking to you more.
That's a no for me, dog.
When did it get so late?
I guess I'll head back soon.
Thank you for today.
You're fucking broke.
See you soon.
You can't buy anything.
Yeah, thanks for everything.
See you soon.
We're so poor.
Can you get kicked out of Bunny Garden?
That would actually be really funny.
Yeah, I got paid!
Let's fucking go!
I got paid!
You know what time it is?
Let's fucking go!
With eyes, only one eye is glowing.
It's white.
I'm buying you all drinks.
The whole garden gets drinks!
What do you want?
No.
We're so back, bros.
So fucking back.
So fucking back.
90% of gamblers quit before hitting a big...
Shut up.
Thanks, boy!
I came up with a really bad joke.
I'm going to say it anyways.
So I'm going to need your mom to come over.
And I'm going to trim her hedge.
That's all I'm going to say.
That's all I'm going to say.
Wow.
Games.
So fun.
Oh!
Cast members may be away on Saturdays.
Yes!
Okay, what voice?
What voice for her?
What voice?
She's kind of Gyaru.
Should we give her a valley accent?
After we plant the seed?
Exactly.
Exactly.
This guy fucking gets it.
Peppy?
Peppy Valley girl?
Okay.
Hi!
What drink did you want?
Uh, your hot as fuck.
I'm going to get you something nice.
I'm going to treat you.
Sorry.
It's like my keyboard.
I just won big at gambling.
So I'm going to have a buddy trap.
Because I like traps.
What was that?
Don't worry about it.
Okay, whatever.
Can I have some too?
Yeah, I got you baby girl.
I'm going to get you the bunny punch
because I'm going to punch your fart box
with my tongue later.
Huh?
Don't worry about it.
I'm sorry.
I thought you were going to get it.
You wanted to play hide and seek.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I am sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I want to tongue punch your fart box.
Man.
Cause I'm gonna just like make clips of just this one, this one, uh, stream, I'm just like
all the dumb ass shit I'm saying, uh, hold on, take a sip.
I was in your tea, it's literally only chamomile in mint, in lavender, I'm eating, I'm drinking
the sleepy time tea, uh, that you lovely bitches got me off the throne, thank you so much, it's
my favorite tea.
Usually I take it to fall asleep, but I don't feel like taking the throat coat for my throat,
cause I've been talking this entire week, and last week.
So I'm drinking this instead, it's very tasty.
It's not caffeinated.
How am I holding up?
I'm holding up good.
I'm having a great time.
I can take a shot.
You guys want me, should we take a shot?
You guys want to take a shot?
You guys want to take a shot?
I got Tito's.
Should we get a lady titi?
Should we make this a drunk stream?
Sounds good.
Take a shot, take a shot.
Part in the jar, what?
Just shot of Tito's.
I don't have a lime to chase it though.
Let's do it, let's fucking do it.
Oh my god, Rina, I was rolled over you.
Hi, what's up?
Can I help you?
Hey.
Oh, what's up?
Hey, mamas, how you doing?
Why are you wet?
Her chest is wet,
cause she sometimes like sticks her whole entire
fucking body into the water bowl.
A water fountain.
Here, you want some cat purrs?
Hold on, let me switch off the desktop audio
so you can hear her purring.
Cat purrs and shots?
Yeah, she's my big mama.
You trying to stop me from taking a shot?
Cause you're not gonna, Rina.
Anyways, let me just get up and be in worse fear.
I just thought of that side talk.
Do you remember like the big gong guy,
like the same side talk guys?
I just think of that fucking,
the black dude on the street,
is like talking to a homeless chick.
He's like, you want a shot?
You want a shot?
You want a shot?
I fucking love that clip.
So funny, buddy.
Oh my god.
Wow, do I have a shot glass?
I only got a little bit of...
We drinking straight from the bottle, bros.
Cause I don't throw in my shot glass one.
You want a shot?
You want a shot?
Drink from my Oshie mark, like my shoe?
Can you guess what it is?
Just Tito's vodka.
80 proof, 40% alcohol.
Oh dear lord heaven, we are so Barak Obama.
Hello, Barak Obama.
You want a shot?
You want a shot?
I want you to look up that clip right now
and picture me saying that to you.
And that, you know, like that,
that like Pennywise the clown,
when he takes a, he's about to take a drink of something
and he just like flicks the cap off.
I can't do it.
Oh, perfect.
Oh shit, I dropped it.
And then he just swigs it.
That's what I'm gonna do.
Woo!
Oh my God, that tingled my fucking nipples.
What the fuck?
You want a shot?
You want a shot?
Oh, I need a moment.
Fuck yeah!
Oh, aren't you funny?
Oh, aren't you funny?
Charlie spurred it $4.20.
Thank you, Charlie.
Madam, I offer all my worldly possessions
to you smiling face.
All right, can I have your clothes?
Give me your shoes.
I like your shoes.
Are we the same size?
Yeah, I'll take those two.
Thank you.
Appreciate it.
Thank you, Charlie.
Ooh, I'm gonna sleep well tonight.
You want a shot?
You want a shot?
You want a shot?
You want a shot?
Pew, pew!
Pew, pew!
Pew, pew!
Oh, that was a Tito's burp.
I need your clothes in return.
No.
I own you.
I own you, okay?
In your mouth.
I'm almost, I fucking love you.
I'm almost a reveal bunch.
Match up my energy right now.
That's what I was referencing.
I was referencing PsyTalk.
You can't pull out the gun every time you drink.
Who fucking said I can't?
I do what I want, when I want it.
I'm now eating applesauce.
Me eating a bogey squeeze.
If you're gonna drink with me,
make sure you hydrate and eat something.
This is America.
Don't get you stripping.
Stripping, I don't know what the fuck I'm talking about.
I'm so happy because today I discovered
when I was listening to the new Caitranada album
that challenged Gambino and Caitranada
made a fucking song together
and I literally was praying
to the gods above in the universe for that
and it happened and it was great.
And then they did a pink pantherist
and I was like, holy fucking shit.
PsyTalk vid.
Hmm.
Probably.
Baby a triple.
Anonymous tipped $3.33.
He said face red heart shape.
Bebe.
I think probably.
Okay, no, pray for me to be debt free.
Pray, I'll pray for all of us.
I'm praying.
Oh universe.
Oh, God's above, please let us all be debt free.
Please let us all win the lottery.
Thank you.
Inshallah.
God willing.
I fucking love pink panthers.
Amen.
And so it shall be.
And so it might be.
I forget the Hebrew way to say amen.
Or is that, is amen already Hebrew?
I don't fucking know.
That is a prison and gambling is the key.
Time to gamble.
Pray that taxes are abolished.
No taxes.
Actually, no, tax are rich.
All right, take another swig.
Hold on.
Any music, any music, any music,
any music for a second.
I mean, I don't know.
Sorry, I'm gonna be a 12-kiss for a second.
I get claimed, but I only do a couple seconds.
I'm doing it from my phone.
I'm doing it from my phone.
AHHHHHH!!
AHHHHHHHH!!
UGH, UGH, UGH, UGH, UGH, UGH, UGH!
We're the capitol.
Mmm.
Hold on.
Wait, no!
Okay, we're good.
Howdy mate, how's it going?
How you doing?
Stop!
I can't find the cat.
No cat.
Go away, girl, go!
I'm scared, did you just...
What the fuck, what do you mean?
What the fuck is going on?
What?
What?
Okay, I took two swigs of my Tito's.
I am feeling a whore.
Here's a present.
I just met you, but this is crazy.
Here's some socks.
So wear them, maybe.
If it's okay, would you be willing to accept this?
I just want you to like it.
Please wear them.
I'm gonna buy one to wear next.
I got something good.
Wait, hold on.
Wait a sec, you're pretty cute, but why are you curled up in a ball, sir?
How the fuck am I curled up in a ball at the counter, but okay.
What's wrong?
You must be nervous.
That's no good.
Getting nervous over me is just a waste of energy.
Oh, hello, my name is Hito Kanda.
It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance.
That's disgusting.
Don't burp in my face again.
You started introducing yourself, you fucking weirdo.
Well then, I will too.
Hello, I am Rin.
Sorry to trouble you.
What am I doing?
Is this how it's supposed to go?
So, what do you do?
Hi Chan.
Do you call me how she calls me Chan?
Well, right now I'm assisting an acquaintance with their job.
But until recently...
Thank you, Charlie.
Thank you, Charlie.
It's too late.
I wear an eye patch.
IRL and my medical bills are astronomical.
I think the prayer is too late.
Jesus fuck.
I'm sorry.
I hope that can be recovered for you.
So fuck.
Uh...
Yeah, stop.
There are even tags on your pyres, bro.
You're so fucking out of poker for that.
Honestly, eye patches are badass, though.
There's this one governor, I think, in America that was a former military veteran.
He wears an eye patch and he looks fucking cool.
And you can pretend you're solid snakes sometimes.
So...
That's good. I hope it goes well.
Thank you for the tip.
I need to scratch my nose.
But until recently, I was employed at a company.
However, due to a plethora of mistakes, I was terminated.
Is there even a word for plethora in Japanese?
Hang on. Hi, Tom.
I can't keep up with all that formal speech. Stop being a fucking weirdo.
I'd be super grateful if you could just, like, talk normally, please.
Like, what is this?
I'm moving my hands around. You can't tell.
Yes, it's called plethora.
Oh, really? I'll drop the pretenses then.
Thank you. You're such a nice guy, hi, Tom.
Even if you're too formal and weird sometimes, it's their loss for firing you.
You're better off without them.
No, they treated me pretty well.
But I'm kidding, bye, okay now.
I gambled the other day and I did well.
Wow, you're really something, hi, Tom.
You don't badmouth them even after getting fired.
I respect that. You know, you're for real, for real.
No cap. Facts, no printer, ink.
What the fuck did you just say?
You're a stand-up guy. You must get that a lot, huh?
I don't get that at all.
They do. Let me hear some more.
Let me hear some more.
Can you feed my ego?
Can you feed my ego, please?
You're such a kind, upstanding person, hi, Chen.
It's true. I just met you. We've only talked once.
You're really kind of fucking weird, but sure.
You know, you're so kind and upstanding.
I already said that.
You already said that.
Yeah, but you're kind and upstanding, okay?
Oh, hey, let me tell you something.
I'm serious. Well, I'm always serious, but I'm seriously, serious.
Are you okay?
A new people is really important, right? In life, I mean.
Online, you know.
So I'm really grateful to have met you, hi, Chen.
I may be far from perfect, but I'll still do the very best I can.
Hope you're ready. I'm gonna sit on your face.
So what?
Um, sorry, I didn't mean to say that. Ellipses.
How embarrassing. What am I saying?
Sit on your face. That was so forward of me.
Well, you get the idea. Did you catch all that?
I'm not saying it again. I'm gonna sit on your face.
By the way, the other girls here will also sit on your face,
and they're really nice too. I think you'll like this shop a lot.
If you find that I'm not your type after talking to me a few times,
feel free to slide up to the next row and sit,
or you can have us both at once.
I'm not the type of girl who's bothered by that sort of thing to be, you know,
with another girl and a guy. I'm bi, you know.
I'm pretty fluid. I don't believe in labels, actually.
Uh, can you, can we change the subject?
Fine. Well, on the other hand, if you do find that I'm your type,
it'd make me pretty happy.
Well, I'll leave it at that.
So, like, do you want to have a threesome or...?
I didn't pay for that kind of service.
It's on the house. Just say fucking yes.
I don't think I'm comfortable with that.
Sorry.
Um, anyways, I look forward to serving you or whatever, I guess.
Don't fucking threesome with me and the girl in the blue fucking bitch.
Bet you watch his worst head tie.
What did you say?
I can! How about drinks? Do you want a bit more? Should I get you something?
Uh, no, I'm good.
When did it get so late?
I should head back soon.
I don't know.
If you can please the cast members in the shop.
I'm gonna leave my eyebrows.
They'll see you out in a good mood when you leave.
Haito, who is sent off, is more motivated to work and had...
What the fuck?
Thank you for today! See you soon!
Yeah, thank you for today.
So, about that threesome, so I'm meeting the other girl, like, in like an hour?
Did you want to, like...
I gotta get home. I have work tomorrow.
But it's Sunday.
Uh, yeah.
Over time.
Later.
I don't know if you guys heard her meow.
She went, meow.
She's in my lap.
I got to drink some delicious alcohol and have fun conversations.
Now I'm motivated for work.
Um...
Okay, I don't know what the fuck that is.
Let's buy another thing.
I'm gonna buy some macarons for the blue black-haired girl.
Now's my time to rest up and recover.
This is the only place that can heal my mind.
Oh, fuck, it's this bitch again.
What? Oh, you came! Thanks!
I...
Clean up after yourself next time.
That's all I'm gonna say.
Um, what drink did you want?
I don't want to hang out with you.
Can I, like...
Not buy anything?
Cause I don't want to talk to you.
I'm gonna get a blueberry liquor.
Cause that sounds tasty.
Can I have some too? No bitch.
I want to talk to the girl in blue.
A customer called me so I better get going.
No one else is fucking here.
I get it, you're embarrassed.
I want to talk to the blue girl.
Can I...
She just fucking walked in place.
I don't want to talk to you either!
Let me talk to her!
Okay, I'll just get some food.
Damn.
This makes me hungry.
I need to eat dinner.
What is a geo?
Ailo?
A jello?
You want some cheese and crackers?
You want some salami?
I can give you a hard salami.
Um...
Uh, like, no thanks.
Alright, fine.
I guess we'll just be french fries.
Thank God, this tastes so good!
I'm glad you came back, thinkies!
Have you been good?
Yeah, you seem like you're in a good mood too, ranchon.
How do you know my name?
I don't... oh no, she did introduce herself, nevermind.
Girl dinner.
When do you get the sushi off of her?
Ooh, so like...
Is there gonna be an option on the menu where I can eat sushi off your body?
Sorry, I hit the microphone.
Um, we don't do that store to service here.
This place fucking blows!
Where's my happy ending?
What good would I be if I couldn't put on a smile?
I'm ignoring that.
Hmm?
Yeah, my neighbors are walking by.
You actually don't look like you're feeling so great yourself.
Really?
I'm feeling fine physically today.
And I don't have any problems.
Hmm, you look shitty.
That's all I'm gonna say, buddy.
Did you shower?
You smell like you haven't showered.
You sure?
Nope, but you're definitely not feeling good.
Not at all.
This is a bad omen, you know.
Get it?
Today's fortune?
You know what would make the bad omen go away?
If you buy me a better drink.
Or some sushi.
Or if you have that threesome I keep talking to you about, you know, I never mind you smell bad.
Me and girl in blue don't wanna fuck you anyways.
When does this should be real-time phantom stream?
See?
Japanese honorifics and the F-boy voice is so good.
Can I start saying thankies?
Oh my god, thankies!
But hey sir, you're lucky.
In fact, I can judge based on your name.
Wanna try?
Oh fuck, you're one of those numerology astrology bitches.
Fuck, crazy bitch.
What?
Nothing, sure.
Like, fortune telling with names?
Sure, I'll give it a try.
Okay, okay, I know your name already.
You told me what it was last time, right?
Did you forget my fucking name and you're just stalling for me to say it?
Yeah, I introduce myself to you.
Right, I know it, I know it, I know it, but I need to know how it's spelled.
Let's see the fortune telling.
You are so full of shit.
No, I'm not.
I pooped this morning.
How do you spell your name in kanji?
I am haito, it's kan-
Why would I just say my last name?
Why would I say my filming name?
I could be an ass and say it's spelled in hiragana.
I'll tease her.
I want my birth chart.
Like, I don't want a free threesome bra.
I'm like uber uncomfortable with that.
Oh, like, I don't want a threesome bra.
I'm like uber uncomfortable with that.
I only do threesome with my bros.
I feel tower.
Each other.
Huh?
Nothing.
It's kanda.
Right, but what I want to know is your first name.
I don't think I called you by your first name last time.
You literally gave me a female honorific because you're a bitch.
First, the character is for cup in person, then dry in field.
That's how you spell haito kanda.
Remember now?
You got me, huh?
I totally forgot your name.
I'm really sorry.
Okay, I found a way online.
I'm one of those.
Oh my god, witch talk is so helpful to learn someone's name after you forget it.
It's said to offer to tell their fortune with it.
Clever, huh?
But how did you figure it out?
Was it acting suspicious?
These girls are annoying me.
You seem like the type of person who can't tell a lie, French Anne,
but you kind of just technically lied by a mission.
It was written all your face how you were acting.
I get it.
People usually tell me they can read me like an open book.
I live honestly.
It's so tiring to cover up stuff with lies.
It's easier just to be honest and then apologize when you get scolded.
I'm sorry.
Hi, Chan.
You told me your name, but I forgot it.
And then I tried to pull the wool over your eyes.
I'm really sorry.
So what are you going to do to make up for it?
What do you mean?
I'd like my happy ending, please.
I'd like to order one happy ending.
Get on your knees.
Come on.
No, I can't.
We're at work.
I'm asking politely.
I know where you live.
Okay.
Can I do it later?
Fine.
Sorry, I got...
I'm sorry.
I forgot where I was.
Hido just took over me.
I don't even...
This va...
Why would the va be dead?
Well, aren't you funny?
Thank you, Anonymous.
Appreciate you.
Man, that's crazy.
Even more money for the lovely Madden Sheehan.
Man, that's crazy.
You want the type ending?
I don't know.
I know what it is.
I don't think it was Hido.
I said hi to.
I never thought I wanted to be in top of this game, but here we are.
I can't tell if it's from the game or what it is.
I'm probably not actually watching.
Stalker is.
I learned from Mercy.
Make myself a little bit bigger.
There we go.
Block that girl's ass.
You guys can't see.
Only I can see.
I scare you?
It's good.
You should be scared.
It's all right.
She didn't bother me at all.
For real?
Yay.
Well, then let's get back and have some fun.
So lay back.
I'll find all and butt in your pants for you.
Wow.
That's really small.
Hey, I'm just.
It's just.
I'm not worked up yet.
Okay.
All right, well.
Here it goes.
It's cold in here.
Sir, it's heated to 73 degrees in here.
You're sweating.
Yeah, I will.
That's really pathetic.
All right.
Fuck you.
I'm just gonna fuck it.
Well, I'll go extra hard today to make up for my screw up with your names.
I won't insult you anymore.
You're still drinking.
Hi, Chan.
Drinking to forget.
Careful not to overdo it.
Okay.
Please, someone get this guy out of here.
His dick is so small.
I'm leaving.
Wow.
It's already this way.
Wipes tears from face.
Oh, are you?
I'm at home.
Charlie spur tipped four dollars and 20 cents.
Thank you again, Charlie.
No, it's average sized.
I swear.
Don't make fun of me, madam.
Loudly crying.
Why are you guys so tiny?
How is anybody supposed to work with that?
I'll head back home.
Bigger when you pull on it.
Thank you for today.
I have to brush my teeth.
Taste it like cigarettes.
See you soon.
Yeah.
Thanks for everything.
Didn't even get to come.
See you soon.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, you know what this means.
I wish this had more banger music.
Oh, banger music, guys.
Okay.
Sometimes the eyes glow and sometimes they don't.
When it's red, it means I lost.
Oh, fuck.
We're going to do it again.
We got money to spend.
Oh, when it glows one eye, we win.
I'm pretty sure.
It turns white or not.
It does not.
Oh, I did win.
Yeah.
Let's do it again.
Something more impressive when you measure in millimeters.
I lost again.
Oh, baby.
Oh, baby.
A triple.
$3.33.
Thank you.
Just a tip.
Thank you for the tip.
Thank you for the tip.
I lost again.
God damn it.
I won.
I didn't win that much though.
Okay.
If you get the one red glowing eye and white screen, you win big.
But if you just get a no glowing eyes and white screen, you kind of win a little bit.
But if you get two glowing red eyes, you lost badly.
And if you get no glowing red eyes, you lost a small amount.
One red glowing eye.
It's lost like a medium amount.
Okay.
Oh, baby.
A triple.
It should be just like me when the high energy drinks longer does it.
Oh my God.
I need to feel alive.
I know.
I need to gain the system.
Fuck that.
We're not gaming the system.
I didn't read that.
It's fine.
No, I want to talk to the blue girl.
Get these bitches out of my face.
Oh, you came.
I'm glad.
I have to change my outfit now.
What drink did you want?
What are you buying?
What are you selling?
I'm feeling crazy.
Can I have some too?
Are we splitting it?
Fine.
I'll get you.
I'll get you a highball.
It tastes amazing.
I love this.
Are you wearing the same panties?
Girl, change your underwear.
I'll give you the macarons, I guess.
Here you go.
If it's okay, would you be willing to accept this?
I swear I didn't put razors in them.
I swear.
Just don't look.
Just close your eyes when you eat them.
I hope you like it.
Wow, thanks.
I'll take care of...
How'd those get in there?
Why did you put razors in this?
You good?
Did nobody get my bit?
They weren't paying attention.
You seem happy.
Did something happen?
Did you guys think I actually hurt myself?
Well, you came all this way to...
Oh, sorry.
Frog in my throat.
Well, you came all this way to visit me.
Of course I'm happy.
Thanks, but you seem much happier than usual.
I'm not.
I just swallowed a razor, but we have medical concerns, so I'll be okay.
Maybe it's because I really got some time to relax during my time off recently.
You used your days off to the fullest, then.
Did you go shopping?
I mostly shop online these days.
I'm a neat, except I need to go to this job so I can make money,
because I like to play gotcha.
Why are you telling me all this?
Because you fucking asked.
But sometimes going around different stores and looking at what they have
makes me feel super excited.
I played with my dog for the whole day less.
Naughty, naughty, you teasing me?
Naughty, naughty.
Oh, you have a dog?
Oh, hi, Meryl.
Meryl.
She plays Blue Archive.
Hello.
Hello, Meryl.
My sweet little, cute, fishy.
Uh-huh, he's a chihuahua, he's a Chihuahua called Wawa, you mean a Chihuahua?
Yeah, whatever, he's super cute.
And when you call him Wawa Chin, he waxes his tail and comes to you.
When he sleeps, it's always next to me too.
He loves walks too, so I take him to this really big park near my place whenever I get
a dig off.
That's what we did last time too.
So you just hang out with your dog?
Yeah.
That sounds great or whatever.
I love dogs too.
Really?
Yeah, I have a husky golden retriever mix.
That's fucked.
Well, I hope you give Wawa Chin a nice pat if you ever come around.
I'm sure you'll end up joining his company too.
No, she blame it on the alcohol.
We know her routine, we can go mercy mode now.
I know, she's giving up a lot of information.
No, no, no, no, no.
That's why her color is red.
Oh my god.
Do you think he'd be fine to run?
Why are you?
This is like the third time I've talked to you and you're like, I need to meet my
dog.
Do you think he'd be fine around me though?
I wonder if he'll think I was trying to take his master away from him because I have a
question to ask you.
Will you be my master or my mistress?
What?
Never mind.
How are those socks?
You gave them to the other girl.
Who knows?
That could happen.
Wawa Chin loves me so much after all.
You're trying to seal me away.
Huh?
What's wrong?
I'm just trying to buy your affections.
Uh, nothing at all.
I'm feeling a little sweaty right now actually.
God, I wonder what's wrong with me.
Ugh.
Are you good?
Sorry, it's my lush.
I mean, you want a drink?
Uh, I think I'm good.
Is your dog like chocolate?
Oh, she came and said hi to me.
I'll be waiting for you, so please come again.
Yeah, thank you for today.
Fucking weirdo.
I hear her boobs jiggle when she waves.
Like, your boob- wait, actually.
I'm waving my hand.
Are my boobs jiggling?
Hold it.
What's that buzzing noise?
Don't worry about it.
It's air conditioning.
It's the AC.
Okay, we had a good fun conversation.
I'm looking forward to going to work now.
Can I, like, what is this thing?
Okay, I don't know what that means.
Um, I should save.
I'll save.
Like, how do they dance in the corner?
Um.
Okay, there's not a lot to do in this game,
and it's kind of annoying.
I'm like, uh, okay, so I get the gifts, I talk.
Is that really it?
I don't think AC sounds like that.
Don't worry about it.
Come on, give me white screen.
Fuck.
What should I lose?
Oh!
Oh, give me a red screen and I run?
Okay.
Okay, okay, my strat is totally wrong then.
Usually, I thought the thing would give an indicator,
but it really doesn't.
Bro, what the f-
Okay.
Okay.
That's fine.
No longer yippee.
Uh, buy some perfume,
because I want to know what she smells like,
and so I can buy the same perfume and we can,
I can spray it on my pillowcase
and pretend I'm sleeping next to her.
What should I drink today?
Beer, wine, champagne?
Let's just get in there first.
Go!
Sorry, jumpscare.
Please, can I talk to the girl in blue?
Thanks for visiting me today.
Can I please talk to that bitch over there?
It's all I want.
She has a fatter ass than you.
Um, okay.
Well, what drink did you want?
Uh, I'm feeling spicy today.
I'm gonna get the Bunny Max.
Because I'm gonna...
Nevermind.
Can I have some too?
No!
You can't!
Go away!
Please, please bring me her.
Please.
Oh, thank God!
Finally!
I guess the point is to lift the fantasy of having your life ruined by hostess club addiction.
Alright.
One voice.
One voice.
One voice to you, governor.
Oh, I saw some applesauce left.
I didn't even notice.
Blue.
Sporty tomboy.
Mommy vibe.
Smoker voice.
Sexiest possible voice.
She's very coup d'etre.
Really?
Nerdy voice.
Mommy.
Theater attitude is like first.
Okay.
We'll chat a little bit.
I'm gonna give her a present.
Actually, no.
I'm not gonna give her a turn just yet.
I'll give her...
I might extend my time with her.
Because I've talked to them the most.
They're two girls.
Wanna get some food?
Um...
Let's get some whatever the fuck this is.
I love this.
This is really delicious.
I'm feeling all sorts of happiness.
Oh, hello.
Nice to meet you.
Would you like to introduce yourself?
Oh, yeah.
You may call me Hito Kanda.
Oh.
You don't have to be polite with me.
I see.
I mean, okay.
I'm Hito Kanda.
I help my friend for work.
I didn't ask that.
You help your friends?
Like...
with a hand job?
Huh?
Yeah.
I was working at a company up until recently,
but I messed up.
It got fired.
Fired?
Right.
Are you bad at holding conversation?
Are you a person of a few words?
I guess I don't speak much.
Um...
Hito.
Why do you sound like a fucking robot?
Yeah?
I'm...
Oh, I just spilled apple sauce on my shirt.
Ah!
I was choked on it.
Ow, I just hit my head on my mic.
I'm falling apart.
I'm sorry.
You're kind of a loser.
That guy is a charmer.
What does that mean?
I'm sorry I'm like this.
Maybe you won't be able to have a good time.
It's okay.
Who knows what will happen?
You can suck my dick.
I can suck your toes.
You can suck my dick.
Just met each other.
You can suck my dick.
I think it would be nice if you could suck my dick.
Just take things slow, you know?
First base.
Suck in my dick.
No rush.
You already started to get to know each other.
Oh, thank you.
You're kind one, Haido.
Do you want some alcohol?
What should I do?
Is there anything I should prepare?
Yeah!
My efforts have been rewarded.
I want to drink something delicious.
What drink did you want?
I'm giving her like several different voices.
I'm so sorry.
I'm buying you...
I don't have enough money.
Okay, what drink do I want?
So I will have...
I'll just have a beer.
Where's the beer?
Where the fuck is the beer?
I'll just have a beer.
I don't know why we have it in these glasses, but...
Can I have a drink with you?
Yes, my beautiful princess.
I'm going to get you a bunny punch.
Because I'm going to punch my dick into your womb
and fill you with children.
I like that.
All right.
What?
That's it?
I expected more.
The deep Riz.
S2 Riz.
Thank you.
Okay, I have a present for you.
If it's okay, would you be willing to accept this?
I hope you like it.
It smells like my mom.
What?
Don't worry about it.
Okay, thanks.
We have to take care of it.
Take care of what?
Your dick.
Huh?
What?
I keep doing double takes to see if this is a title.
Like I can't get a title.
Like my role.
Why are they just staring at each other and quiet?
Oh my God.
Wait, wait, you buy a drink for the bartenders?
Yes, yes, you do.
This is going to stream today.
Is there anything you want to talk about?
Yeah, you think tomorrow will be sunny or whatever?
There's a monsoon raging outside.
I have no idea.
I have no idea.
I have no idea.
I have no idea.
Sorry.
Buy a drink for the bartender to take a small sip and throw it into the plants.
Hell yeah.
But like how do they pace themselves?
You have to have like quite, like you have to be able to handle your liquor if you're
serving patrons for, let's say like, let's say your shift is like five hours and
maybe you hang out with a guy for each hour.
Like how many of you buying you more drinks?
Is this happening?
Like I need to know the schematics.
Do they really only take one sip?
I don't know.
No, like legit, like tell me the tea.
Is the tea piping hot?
Cause spill it.
You don't drink with every patron?
Okay.
Do they actually puke constantly?
This is the equivalent of the ghost anime top.
That fucking dump is hilarious.
It's basically their tipping.
They mix it for themselves.
They probably don't mix.
Oh, that's true.
Cause I had a friend.
Actually, I don't have a friend.
She does this currently.
Olive.
She bartends and she tells me sometimes customers try to buy her a drink and she just literally
gives herself like a sprite and says it's a gin and tonic.
Yeah, or they mix the drink of water.
Excuse me, hostess.
Will you bear my children?
Like there is a job somewhere in the world that you just get paid to drink.
That's basis.
That's kind of cool.
I'm like hostess job.
That's not bad.
Like does it pay well?
You know, shall we look up the weather forecast cause we're fucking nerds?
Are you always curious about the weather?
I just want to know how wet you're going to be tomorrow.
No, not really.
I'm just making small talk.
Oh, sorry.
I didn't mean anything by that.
This is who I am all the time.
Is that okay with you?
Can you please marry me?
It's all right with me.
So please marry me.
I'm on my knees.
Please.
I'm begging.
We're just starting to get into each other, but you're the one in my life.
You're a peculiar one.
Please.
You laughed just now, didn't you?
That means you should marry me.
I also know where you live.
I know where all the girls here live.
Okay.
You have a cute smile, especially when you're sleeping.
What?
Anyways.
Oh, uh, thanks.
What will you do?
Are you still going to drink?
Should I prepare some more alcohol?
Yeah.
Thank you.
It means you'll still be with me.
What drink did you want?
Uh, can I get like absolutely black?
Oh, I can only have three drinks.
Okay.
Um, I'll have some wine for Chip.
We're hanging out.
Beer before liquor, never been sicker.
Liquor before beer.
You're in the clear.
Can I have a drink with you?
Of course you can.
Girlie pop.
Only the best for my queen.
Only the best for my queen.
I'm so happy.
I'll get the bottle.
Oh, I got enough cash.
Yeah, I got fucking enough cash.
You can buy the 50K you had bought all about ending.
Let's chat.
Are you having fun?
She looks so fucking pissed off right now.
Yeah.
Why are you looking at me like that?
No, I think I'm enjoying myself.
Please stop looking at me like that.
Good.
Well, that's nice.
Miuka Chen, are you enjoying yourself?
Still undecided.
You kind of smell bad.
I would rather be hanging out with the people over there.
They actually buy me the 50KN bottle.
But it's whatever.
I don't exactly hate it.
Why don't you hate it?
Is that it?
I don't even know why I asked that.
She's looking at us like we're garbage.
You kind of gross me out and you kind of disgust me.
I would rather not hang out with trash like you,
but I need to pay the bills.
So here I am.
I don't know.
I wonder why.
Um, huh?
I don't believe you.
I know.
Are you really enjoying it?
Why are these girls gaslighting me?
They literally like, I'm fine and they're like, you're not okay.
Tell me what's wrong.
Give me your money.
And buy me a drink.
And I'll pretend to cheer you up.
So when you come here, you think you're getting serotonin and dopamine from only me.
So then you have to come and you have to spend more money to feel like you're okay.
Because you need me to tell you when you're okay or not.
This is toxic as hell.
This is a scyop.
This is a fucking scyop.
Just, I don't know how, but it is.
It's okay.
You don't have to worry about me.
I worry though.
You're my customer.
You must have a good time.
You must have a good time.
Okay.
Is she an android?
I don't know, man.
Okay.
Well, everyone enjoys themselves in their own way.
I'm not enjoying this.
I wish I was doing something else.
You're so odd.
Did you know that?
Yeah, I know.
It's whatever.
I don't exactly hate it.
I hate you.
You're not worth my time.
Oh, it's getting late.
I should go home soon.
Yeah, you should.
Shit, that's a lot of money.
See you.
I'll be waiting.
I just wanted to step on me.
Yeah, thanks for everything.
See you soon.
Statement.
It did good times.
We had a good conversation.
I'm looking forward to going to work now.
I don't want to go back there again.
Where's your money gone?
All right.
Pay me.
Fuck you.
Pay me.
What?
I thought I was going to get more money.
Okay.
Gamble time.
Actually, I should have bought more gifts
before I did this.
Fuck it.
We're going to win big.
We're going to win big.
We're going again.
We're making our money back.
Work, drink, fuck bitches, get money,
gamble.
We're hitting the lottery today.
Let's fucking go again.
Again.
Make it fucking happen.
We're making it fucking happen.
Is this what trainwrecks feels like?
Oh fuck.
When he wins.
Another one.
That was a small fish.
Small fish gamble.
We're going to win big.
Nah, we didn't win that much.
Hello, hello.
Welcome back.
Fuck your mother one more time.
Just kidding.
Not one more time.
We're just going to gamble the max amount of times
you can gamble.
Please.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
Keep going.
Keep going.
We can gamble 10 times a day.
We're doing it.
We're doing it.
It feels like playing gotcha indeed.
You hit that one character.
Fuck yeah.
We're kind of back where we started one more time.
Let's get it.
Let's get it.
Let's get it.
Let's get it.
We're good.
We're good.
We're hitting it.
We're hitting it.
We're hitting it.
Okay.
We're...
It's fine.
Don't worry about it.
Don't worry about it.
We're going.
We're back.
We're going to be back.
Watch.
We're back.
We're back.
I can't gamble anymore.
We're back.
We're back.
Oh, fuck.
We're back.
We're so back.
Don't worry about it.
Fuck the negative 20K yen.
We didn't need that.
We're getting big.
We're hitting it big.
We're hitting it big.
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
I don't have a problem.
I don't have a problem.
I don't have a problem.
Fuck you.
I want to be back at 70K.
I'm not going to go bankrupt.
Don't worry about it.
Don't worry about it.
We're fine.
We're fine.
We're fine.
The girls are worried.
Don't worry about it.
They're not worried.
They're cheering me on.
See?
Boom.
Boom.
I don't need to spend time
with those bitches at Barney Garden.
I'm a hustler, baby.
All right?
I'm a hustler, baby.
Aggressive T key.
The key.
I can't fucking say anything.
Key.
Touched.
Key type.
We might be back.
We're not quite.
We're getting there.
She be mistress.
Lovely.
I'm begging you.
Don't lose the house.
Don't worry.
The house where the house is still okay.
We had to sell one of our children,
but it's fine.
Very some sweet nice people
are taking care of her now.
All right, we lost the house.
You know what that means.
We got it.
We got it.
We got it, you know.
It's not over.
It's not over till I say it's over.
All right.
All right.
It's not over till I say it's over.
I didn't perform that well
because I just was gambling my money away.
All right.
Let's go see the bitches.
I sold Ernesto the fuck.
Only lose when you stop.
Exactly.
Hello, hello.
Welcome in.
When you start selling up parent members.
That was the first things I sold.
Sorry guys.
Sorry.
Your hair is clipping through your hair.
What is that?
Whoa.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Whoa.
Sorry, I was looking.
I had a that's a raven moment.
I was looking into the future at her dialogue
and into the past.
You mean a memory?
Don't worry about it.
Oh, you came on my tits again.
I tell you not to just walk in
and you just shoot on me.
I don't.
What drink did you want?
Oh, you know what?
Can I have some too?
No.
You can't.
You can't.
No.
Get away from me.
A customer called me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Give me the blue girl.
Give me the blue girl.
Fuck whatever.
You're good enough.
How's it going?
What do you do on your days off?
Hi, Chan.
Oh, are you asking me on a T?
You're pretty aggressive, huh?
Hi, Chan.
Even though you turned down my threesome.
What?
I thought you were past this.
I broke time to get the cardboard box.
It happened to me deficit and funny.
I feel like the game just ends.
That's not what I meant.
I really am interested.
Oh, really?
That's no fun.
Don't you think I'm charming?
No.
I mean, of course I do.
I wouldn't come and come and come and come and get really nice online pictures.
I really like your Facebook page.
I wouldn't come and see you if I didn't.
It's funny that you think that.
It doesn't even hurt my pictures.
It's so funny that it's actually a little embarrassing.
Thanks.
Thanks, though.
Those pictures are so embarrassing.
Sometimes what freaks me out is the dialogue that I'm dubbing and making up makes sense for their responses.
She's like, it's so embarrassing.
Like, as if she was an actual fucking line.
It's so funny.
Thanks, though.
Did you like the bikini ones?
I mean, anyway, you want us to know about my days off?
Let's spin this around.
What do you think I do?
I feel like you go out shopping.
Go out shopping for clothes.
Sorry.
Go out shopping for clothes and stuff.
Too bad.
I'd like to shop, but I have no money.
Wow.
She's me for real for real.
So that's why I whore myself out in this bunny garden.
Please, can you please take the offer for the threesome?
I'm giving you a discount.
It's only $150.
Most of the time, it's $300.
You get two for the price of one.
Okay?
I'm not interested.
Whatever.
I went to a shop.
I wait until I find something I really want.
Then I buy it.
Buy home money.
She's planning something.
I went to karaoke in front of the station by myself last weekend.
I sang nothing but the songs I wanted to sing myself.
Doesn't everybody fucking do that?
I guess you try to pick songs that everyone knows when you go with friends.
Oh, that Tito's came back up.
Oh.
Then I mention it as a reflux when I have vodka.
Yeah.
I like hearing people sing.
So going with friends is fun too.
Mostly I just go by myself.
Because my friends are in my head.
They're talpas.
Shut up, Jeff.
Last weekend, I wanted to sing a blow-off scene.
What did you do last weekend, Hai Chen?
Or are you making out with girls maybe?
Whoa!
Slow your fucking roll, medium but premium.
Okay?
I was gambling.
Daddy gotta make that money.
Obviously not.
I don't even know anyone who'd want to.
I'm a fucking loser.
Oh yeah.
I guess you need two willing participants for that.
Like me and one of the other girls.
Four or three some.
All you have to do is pay me $150.
Well then, why don't I act as your partner?
Are you gonna make out with me?
What?
Here.
I'll blow you a kiss.
That's all for now.
So hang in there, okay?
Wait, wait, wait.
She's zipper.
Hey, Chloe, can you get a rag?
Yeah, this one just popped.
Yeah, thank you.
Thank you.
Hai Chen, how about drinks?
Do you want a bit more?
Should I get you something?
No, I don't have any money.
Cheers to my pants.
Cheers in my pants.
I don't relax.
I'm sitting at the checkout line.
Wow, is it already this late?
I'll head back home.
Please come again.
I'll be waiting.
Yeah, thank you for today.
I'm gonna gamble.
I should have saved.
Yeah.
Okay, I'm gonna save and then I'm gonna keep gambling
because I want to see, like, because I feel like
it's gonna be very forgiving
when you try to gamble with a low amount.
Open the window and a breeze rolls in.
Cheers in my pants.
It's barely enough for the bill.
I was fine.
See, it doesn't do that much.
300 yen is about, like, fucking five bucks.
And I win, like, 50K yen because I'd be sick.
That works for me.
I want me to buy one of the girls.
I'll use all my money to buy them a fucking toy.
Oh, wait, I realized that I could have gotten, like, a make-up set.
It's fine.
Then we're gonna save.
And then we're gonna gamble.
I gotta make the money for the girlies.
I need to treat them, you know?
You know, it's called gamble heaven.
Let's fucking go. Let's keep going. Let's keep going. Let's keep going.
What are macaroons? They're really tasty.
I really don't know how to explain it, like, it's like a type of...
Is it a pastry? I don't know.
They're really tasty, though.
I like macaroons.
Oh, yeah!
Again, hit me, hit me, hit me.
Dealer, hit me, hit.
Smash the like button.
And subscribe below and check out my merch in my description.
Oh, fuck.
You guys can't see, but I'm doing the orange justice dance to the music.
All right, let's gamble.
Wait, they'll still let me gamble when I have no money?
How does that work?
All right, sorry, I sold one of you guys.
Oh, we're fine! See, we're fine.
I don't know how that works, but, you know...
Now's my time to rest up and recover.
This is the only place I can heal my mind.
I need my dick sucked.
Good morning!
Whoa, bitch!
Oh, you came. Thanks.
What drink did you want?
Uh, I'll just have a custard.
Can I have some, too?
No.
Give me Blue Girl.
I like how she looks like she's gonna cry every time I say no.
Okay, perfect. Blue Girl's coming.
Oh, they have cute little bunny things.
I like how she moonwalks in place.
Hey, I already forgot your name, but I started with an M.
Um, I got you.
Bunny.
If it's okay, would you be willing to accept this?
I hope you like it.
It's, like, just the perfect size for humping.
Looks at you.
Really? Oh, thanks.
I've never really tried that before.
I was just plain happy.
What?
Hmm, should I hump the bunny?
Hmm.
Uh, sure, what's up?
You got fired.
No fucking shit!
I didn't mean to remind you.
Yeah, I did.
You're not gonna let that go, huh?
I'm sorry. What was your name again?
I'm actually hurt. I shouldn't have given you that fucking bunny.
She is so cold, but I love her.
She's better than the other two girls.
I know, Kanda.
I know, right. I know.
I know, right. I know.
So you are an android.
You're back again.
Take a girl out to dinner first, won't you?
Thank you.
Gambling fund.
Gambling fund?
Thank you, Eternity.
I came to see you, Mewkuchen.
Ew, gross.
Please leave.
Is there another customer that needs to work with me, Debra? No?
None of my regulars are here?
Oh, fine.
Oh, hi-dote.
You're a strange one.
You must be low on money, though.
Oh, I...
Damn.
Jesus fuck.
She is tearing me apart.
I'm helping out my friend now, so it's okay.
You don't have to worry about that.
I'm not worried.
Honestly, I don't care.
Oh, okay.
She's just so unbothered.
She only works this job just to insult her patrons.
She makes plenty of money.
She's like a trust fund baby.
She just comes here because she has a sick, twisted pleasure
of just acting disinterested and insulting her clients.
She's just so unbothered.
She only works this job just to insult her patrons.
She makes plenty of money.
You must spend your money wisely.
Do you know that I was gambling?
It's necessary.
Does she fucking know?
She must fucking know.
They must know.
The bots must know that when you hit a certain like below
and you're in a hole, they probably are like,
hey, man, stop gambling.
Yeah, I'll make sure to do that.
Sorry, I burped in my mouth.
Gross.
But thanks for coming here to spend that important money with me.
Because I deserve it and you don't.
Hand it over.
It feels strange to say you're welcome after that.
I keep getting acid reflux from the alcohol.
Ha, ha.
That was a really fake laugh.
It wasn't.
This is my fake laugh.
Ha, ha.
That was the same noise.
No, it wasn't.
You're different.
Listen closely.
You smiled for me again.
Look at her fucking straight ass face.
You smiled for me again.
Stairs.
Blinks looks at you.
Does she blink?
Okay, she just fluttered her pretty little lashes at me.
Yeah, what will you do?
Are you still going to drink?
Should I prepare some more alcohol?
Nah, I'm good.
Wow, it's already this late.
I'll head back home.
Okay, so when do I get to fuck them?
See ya.
I'll be waiting.
Yeah, thanks for everything and nothing and for insulting me.
I'm going to go cry in my pillow.
Yeah, see you soon.
Something like blah, blah, blah spent.
Is that true?
You're so funny, GBA.
I love it.
Thank you.
Stair.
Just like, like that, like that Miley Cyrus with her eyes a little crazy.
Just like staring at you.
That one meme.
That's the best part you don't.
Hoya.
Okay, we're good.
Wait, I didn't mean to do that
Thank you for the Hoyas
Give me this is intervention listen, I stopped after one. I'm good. Don't come for me come for me
Right now do it fucking do it. Okay. Let's see. Oh, no, we're escaped
Alrighty
What's the point of this I
Don't
Why is there so little to do in this fucking game? Why can't I go on vacation with you? Oh
Why the
Is this a hobby what the fuck creepy as hell? I forgot I could take pictures. I don't want you though
All right, I just like to watch them. They sleep anyways
I'll buy damn
Please pajamas are fucking cute. I want pajamas like that. Hello
If somebody suggests me a similar amount on my throne, I would totally fucking wear those
I'll get your makeup set
And I'll get some roses
Yeah, I kind of want macarons like I roll I need to eat something I
Shaved brush my teeth and got the wrinkles out of my clothes. Okay. I'm good. Let's go to the shop now
They can't bully me for being smelly
Get more fuck no, they'll give me fucking food poisoning guys
On my ears a G Oh
She gets more excited when you have more money. Did you notice that?
She fucking knows I have more money. I don't like her I
Don't want to drink from you. I
Want to drink for my baby girl over there?
I'm gonna have whatever this is
Smell a brookie. Yeah, cuz she looked like she usually get looks like really like like when you have like when I had
Like the 16k and have some to know
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah shoo shoo shoo shoo shoo shoo
Hey sweetheart
Let me spoil you baby girl. You want some sushi? Hmm. Yeah, open your mouth say, uh, oh
Such a good girl
I love this this is really delicious
I'm filling all sorts of happiness happiness overload dopamine levels increasing serotonin increasing. Are you okay?
Serotonin increasing serotonin increase. Are you girl? Is she smoking something?
What do you like to do in your days off serotonin decreasing he's speaking to me I hang out with my sister at the park
That sounds nice. Is there a big age gap between you and your sister? Is she whoa?
What?
Yeah, she's
Wow, that's a big difference. What kind of games do you play with her? Oh
No, I
Needed to look at my chat
It's a joke it's a joke. I'm joking. It's a joke. I do this to get a rise out of you guys. I'm joking
joking
All right, I
Um, wow
Yeah, I'm joking. Wow, that's a big difference
I'm joking. I was choking like choke like
Strangle you can I strangle you? That's a big difference. What kind of games do you play with your sister?
hide and seek I
hide
Okay, this are you gonna elaborate or
All right, ha ha you two must be close
It's because I'm the only one I am the one don't need the gun to get respect up on the street
Are you did you just break into song? No, okay, huh?
My parents died in a next
Oh
She's perfect
I'm the only one my little sister mocha has oh
I didn't know I'm sorry
Yeah, it's okay. I don't even know why you're apologizing. It's not like you killed them or did you?
You know, I haven't been able to find my parents killer
Did you fucking do it?
Hmm?
what uh
Uh, you must be lonely if it's just you two
She's Batman I was the only thing I was gonna make a
Make a Batman joke be like wait a second. What are your parents names?
Martha and I forget the dad's names
Wayne holy shit
You must be lonely if it's just you two
I'm not lonely. I have mocha and my online friends
So you're the foundation of her life
So you're like her mom does that make you a milf a what like a mil?
Do you know what a milf is? No
Just looking up whatever dictionary
Okay, yes, there's nobody else I can turn to
That's unbelievable so if I take you on vacation does your little sister have to come with us or does she just stay home with nobody I
Just thought of that now is that
Is that a thing I admire you for leaving her behind if you do so we can like do stuff
It's not unbelievable I just live the two of us
Hideout do you want to drink a little more?
I'll do you some more if you want. Yes, I
Might be a little happy
What drink did you want? I want I want some sake sake fucks me up my ears itchy
Does everyone ever use the word mill fire all before yes, I just did just now I
Want to drink something too here you have some have some sake with me
Actually now I want to get my money up so I'm gonna give you something good good
I'll give you some champagne
I'm so happy I'll get the bottle. Yeah, you'll get the bottle. Yeah. Whoa. Whoa. How do I take a picture? How do I take a picture? No
My fucking life is over wait bent over again. God damn it. I have a present for you
Um here's some roses damn
Fuck I'm so mad. I couldn't take a picture
That was a nice color like the lace
The other girls have fucking boring ass panties. See that's why I like her. She's a freak. She matches my freak
She may not act like it, but she's a freak
She's a low-key freak
You know she'd be on the grapefruit technique because she a freak they're rhymed
aren't that unique
anyways
And if it's okay, would you be willing to accept this? I hope you like it really? Oh, okay. Thanks. I
Was just plain happy
Why do you like talk about your feelings?
Why do you talk in the in the past tense?
I was happy you're not happy now
Grapefruit patreon audio when I don't think that's not till August or July I can't remember I
Went crazy on that audio. Holy holy moly
Yeah, check out my patreon if you liked what you saw today because then
When I when we finally open
The fun place with the fans
Not the only those but like the ones that there's like a guy named Lee there
I'll probably play Hoonipop and I'll probably do a similar thing to this where I voice all the characters
And we get all the fun special stuff. So
Yeah
Brilliant segue. Thank you
Yes, nice. Oh very nice. Yes. Oh, yeah, silly fans. Yeah
Mm-hmm
That's like a peak Lee stream. Yes, you probably pop my kill me
Yes, I've been here for the longest out of all the cast members
See I told you
She's a she's not a she's a trust fund, baby. She also lives on our parents life insurance. That's that's all or
Surprised she just comes here for fun to insult people
What's the issue because of the way I am is it because you're not good at making small talk in your vat at serving customers
Dude what the fuck you have to say that
Yeah, how have you been here so long you're just shit and talking to people
But you're an idiot. I hate you. Don't ever come again
So that's how you prove what the fuck just happened
So that's how you perceive me no, no, I'm sorry, that's not what I think of you at all, although I said it out loud
And it wasn't even like a dub from the person voicing me right now, I'm just a dick
That's okay. You're right anyway
He he oh
Were you just messing with me?
Because it was kind of hot
Tell me you hate me some more
Yes, I was teasing you, but I actually do hate you
Do you want some alcohol, what should I do is there anything I should prepare?
Yeah
My efforts have been rewarded. I want to drink something delicious
What drink did you want? Um, I would like a
Woman's Sour
It's a highball
Actually, yeah
We got money I can't take a picture. I don't think I can take a picture. How do I take pictures?
And I have a drink with you, of course my princess
You can have whatever you want. Wait, I'll give you some wine
If I got like this again, would that just like fuck me up? Like would I just be like in debt to the like what I have to like
Like boy whore myself out like to the dudes in the back or like something like what's what happens if I can't pay my bill, you know
Mmm tastes good. Okay. How how how how do I take a picture? No
Don't
Don't press the right key. Don't press the right. Don't press right click
That's all I'm gonna say
Just fuck that off for me
Here's another present. Oh fuck
I'll shout with you
Boy whore arc, let's go. Do you have friends? No
Well, it's not like you have any friends either
Uh, yeah, I do the work I'm doing is all through a connection with my friend
That my parents totally didn't pay to be friends with me
You do have friends. That's unexpected. You kind of seem like a loser
Damn
You have to be so harsh. Why is that so surprising?
You're the type of guy who gets fired. I figured might make a mess with friendships as well. Jesus. Why is she cooking me?
I
Like I feel personally attacked
But it makes sense because all you guys are fucking subs and she's a fucking she's fucking insult
You know, you're all getting off on it. Yeah, I bet you fucking like it
Go wash your pants go change your pants and your unnies and wash your fucking hands you freak. I see you
I'm pointing at my camera. By the way, I'm gesturing very heavily at you. No
Well, what a terrible thing to say
Do you have any friends me you kitchen
No
Shrugs no
No
I'll be your friend. I
Could be a bitch to you be like that's sad, but I'm not cuz I want to get in those lace panties
I'll be your friend. Um, I don't need you to be mayor
Oh
I do have one my sister one what a friend
Or a fucking bone to pick with me. What is your deal?
Kana and Rin they are my two friends
Like the one that keeps wanting to have a threesome with me and the other girl who fucking just is
Also a bitch to your friend that makes a lot of sense that that checks out
To other cast members, huh? Why are they called cast members?
So odd like they're Disney cast members like from like that's just wondering me
Glad you have friends
Never see you guys hang outside of work, and I stalk you guys quite often. So think you're lying to me Muka Chan
Yes, I'm glad to I'm really glad to
You are so fucking odd
Wow, is it already this late? I'll hide back home
Thank you for today come again. Yeah, thank you for today. I didn't even get to come
In a good fun covers we had a good fun conversation am I gaslighting myself now
She fucking insulted me. Yeah, my dick stood up my dick stood up and stood at attention, but it doesn't matter
Besides the point we're gonna save
We're gonna end it here. I'm gonna hang around chat with you. I'll tell Azura comes on
Let me know if you want me to keep playing this game and do my silly dub
Kind of is it and we have fax he's he's he's hideous part of the harem
My dubseeds can't he's being groomed
I'm called cast members because so it's a special character the girl who likes being around you. Oh
Facts
My god, right now. Why are you being so cute right now?
You're so adorable
Well, aren't you just the sweetest boy tipped $1 my god average she be and viewer interaction
What I don't know what you're talking about. I
Don't know what you're talking about stream is pure gold. I'm glad it was fun. It was actually really fucking fun
I'll be honest with you. I was like, I feel like I'm not gonna enjoy myself with this game
And I did actually
I had a lot of fun dubbing with it, that's hilarious
Let me make sure I can redirect into a zero when she goes live
Aren't you funny anonymous tipped $4 and 20 cents
Thanks, Shabuya. I think this might be your best stream yet
Shabuya I didn't even listen to the rest of it. I
Think this might be your best tree. I agree with that. I agree with that statement
And we're it's only up from here bros and it's only up from here
Shabuya
Everybody calls me everything besides my own name
Dubbing was too hilarious. I wish you could do more jobs like this. Oh, yeah, that's what I feel like when play when you pop
It's gonna be really fucking hilarious
Great stream. Thank you. Thank you
Here's another kind of bad
Restel acting made this stream amazing
I'm something of an actor myself
Shabrit any what a goat
Sheeps
Do they allow who you pop on YouTube?
They actually do they allowed like when you do like the censored version, but I could play
the uncensored version on
The Lee's fan site
I mean if you play who you pop I'll be there hands down
And I want to play because I've never played like an h-game before so I think it would be
Really fun. Sorry. I'm like switching between windows. I was adjusting chat
Shabizi
That's my that's my my street name
Shabizi
No, I never know actually I've never played I said this before but I bought who need pop like
Do you remember in like PewDiePie played it like all those years ago?
That is when I bought it and I have not touched it since I bought it. I
Have never played the game. I
Don't even know why the fuck I never did I
Think I was like meaning to play it a couple of times
Oh my god, I just looked outside and the way the Sun is setting
I thought a building was on fire because the way it's reflecting. Holy shit. That was so I was like what?
But yeah, really I'm very happy you guys enjoyed that was really fucking fun. I need to figure out
I can't wait to hear your dumb for the week. Oh, yeah, like I like I watch like I watch
Markiplier and PewDiePie play it
So like I know the premise and like what to expect and all that other stuff
And I've been playing a lot of match three games thanks to mercy because mercy edit
I didn't realize what it like it was called a match three game
And I'm like, oh, I haven't played one of these in a long time
You just play like bust a move and like like peggel and shit
Mmm peggel um
No, I was playing this I was playing this game. It's I think it's called bunny garden as well
It's been a bunny who plants gardens
It's very cute
I'm on like
Level 190. I was a level like 170 in three days, but I haven't played it since I've been streaming so much
That's three is so mercy core. It really is really is
Duh hurts from laughing so much. I'm glad you guys had a good laugh
And it was a really cute game
It's like this little bunny that goes around and like restoring gardens of different places right now
I'm in the desert garden level very cute
Yeah, I'm a gamer a gamer. Azura. Is Azura alive? Why Azura?
Oh, is she not alive yet? Oh, oh boy. Oh my god
Oh
I'm weaning although I can't really talk because I was also like a minute late because I was half asleep
See we started low because I was EP in the meeting. You know got turn
But um
Yeah, I hope you guys like what it like I don't know what I was gonna say
Oh, she disappeared where the fuck did it go?
Oh
Waiting for Azura Dulae
Hurry up mother
The old mother needs to
Got like white hearts in her chat
I'm not trying to ditch you guys. I need to go eat
You know, I can't stay away from you. You know I stream for hours when I can
Wait, Azura delayed like she actually delayed her stream. Does she actually like change the time?
Then I'm just gonna read into
Present there's a one of the VNU girls streaming
I
Maybe is doing a collab with some people's
Oh, yeah, I'm serenity is live too
I'm glad you enjoyed the laughs
I'm looking at
our
Azura's chat and she's like we didn't get this lady a toaster ASAP
Cause like can we just talk about how she baked her toast?
She baked her toast and burnt it
I could I hope one of you guys suggested a um toaster for her throne, please
Please
Please I'm afraid she's she will burn her house down. She would burn her house down
Yep
I feel like if I go and I read somebody else then she's gonna suddenly be there
She's watching scatter. Yeah, I'm fucking watching
I'm watching you
I thought this said pregnant goat mommy. Oh my god, I thought it says praise goat mommy
Organinant
Amy says she would buy. Yeah, I did see that. Amy said that
Here if I have seen worse toasts like darker than black toast
Are we splitting the raid? Can you split a raid? Is that a thing?
Can you split legit? Can you split a raid? She's live now. Okay, cool
Cool cool cool cool. All right
I was about to say something. I'm not gonna say it. You don't deserve it. You don't deserve to hear those
Three words for my luscious lips
Hmm losers trash scum
Later nerds
Oh my god, you guys smell so bad
Fucking weirdos
Why don't any of them take a shower? I don't know
You
