Daniel
Growing up in the open seas,
there are stories told of the monsters that lurked below, deadly leviathans, monstrous serpents,
yet no giant could hope to match the lethal efficiency of one such creature,
equal in elegance incarnate, so alluring yet so deadly, so hypnotically fatal as the siren,
the succubi of the sea, the witch of the waves, the black widows of the, uh, black sea,
a maiden with a hypnotic gaze that warped the wills of even the most salt-seasoned captains,
and a song that commanded the crews of even the most loyal sailors.
My mother would read me these tales before bed, tales of aquatic femme fatales that lured men to
sail themselves to their blood-soaked watery graves. These horrific tales of nautical nefariousness
would keep me up at night. They made me feel so, so inspired. I mean, my people used to do that?
That's so cool. I mean, I've never fed on a human before, and the smartest thing I've ever hypnotized
is a seal. But learning that my ancestors used to eat humans by the literal boatloads was amazing.
I couldn't wait to grow up and eat my fill, fat ones, tall ones, skinny ones, even hairy ones.
Though I learned our people aren't as feared by humans as they once were. My ocean, my home, humans
defile it with their presence. Worse still, they toss their filth into it, further insulting us.
How could this have happened? How were we brought so low from our past?
They used to tell legends on every port that made even the most straight-laced,
superstitious scoffing marines keep in the back of their minds. They would dedicate figureheads
of their ships in respect to our beautiful, yet delicate bodies. They put us on every map.
But now? Ugh, disgusting humans. One night, I envisioned a genius plan. The first strike
microseed against the human world. I would infiltrate in hijack a fishing vessel,
and use it as my own pirate vessel with a crew of hypnotized thralls. I was going to wage a
one siren war against all of humanity. It was going to be perfect, and I definitely would have won.
That was, until I envisioned a plan that was even more perfect. Er, well, at least more time
efficient. Making my way below deck, I made a strange discovery. The humans were hypnotized
by their own choice. I couldn't believe it. I looked at boat after boat. These humans
charmed like a siren spell, even dedicating their lives to their chosen idols. These
idols they fawn over. Were they sirens too? That's it. That's the secret to defeating the
humans. I'm going to find the secret to their magic, and harness this power myself and bring
power back to my people. I must gather fame, fortune, scandals, anything and everything to
grow my influence over mankind to bring sirens back into the minds of the people. But I'm not
just going to tip the scales. I'm going for complete domination.
Every human will bend to my will. All will be cheering for their own demise. I will be the
instrument of karmic justice. The world will worship me and praise my name as I bring about their
end. I will march every human under my control into the ocean, and my people will chant my name
as they have a feeding frenzy that has written into legend. Though that's a very long-term goal.
With every big venture, whether business-wise or lifestyle, every big undertaking starts small
scale, right? Hmm. So, I think I'll start with you.
You wanted a ferro kusugaki? I gave you a ferro kusugaki.
You wanted a doting hag? I gave you a doting hag.
You wanted a dorky yandere? I gave you a dorky yandere.
You wanted a masochistic brocon? I gave you a masochistic brocon.
You wanted a milk dominatrix? I gave you a milk dominatrix.
And now, I bring you the vichu bird that no one asked for, a god damn hypnotic cuttlefish.
No copyright. No copyright. No copyright intended, bros. Come on, come on, come on. Relax, relax.
Did I kick or did I fucking kick, ladies and gentlemen?
Have you enjoyed your evening so far?
Hmm. Have you been warmed up by my girls?
Who stole your heart the most? Was it A.C., the ferral polar bear, or was it Azura,
the literal definition of mommy milkers? Or whatever. Merci. The yandere that can never
love right? I mean, she's got plenty of love to give. Doesn't necessarily mean you're gonna be
alive at the end of it, okay? But hey ho, you know, you still get love done at the end of the day.
Or was it Emmy, the most controversially created character of all time? But hey ho,
look, we're just gonna skip past that. You know, if you ignore the lore or everything else,
that's fang, it's fang, it's fang. Stop worrying, you guys are such blurry warts, honestly.
Or was it Madame Sheevee herself, a little brothel owner? Because, you know, gonna be honest,
didn't really get many requests for a hypnotic cuttlefish, that's Scottish. But hey ho, hey ho,
that's how it goes, that's how it goes, that's how it goes, that's how it goes, that's how it goes.
There's what made me, let's, let me, let me formally and reduce massing. What do I need?
Look at these slays, they're so pretty, they're so pretty, okay? I, ladies and gentlemen, I'm
Strony Cuttles. Please, Cuttles, the surname is because I'm a Cuttlefish. Oh, shocker,
and Strony because I am Strony, the daughter of the gamer Strontyum. My dad's gamer tag is Stronyum.
No, it's not actually Stronyum before you're like, oh my god, you just dox your dad, no, relax,
it's not actually literally really, you know, Stronyum, but I'm, I'm Strony, Cuttles, I'm named
after my dad, my dad's gamer, and I wouldn't be here without him, you know, because he came from
his ballsack. Anyway, age, age, ladies and gentlemen, oh, yet again, I have failed the VTuber
challenge of tell us your age. It's not really looking good, okay, it's not looking good.
Cuttlefish normally live two years, so time's ticking, time is ticking. Anyway, my birthday is
October 10th, which is actually National Squid and Cuttlefish Day, they're both set for the pod,
so I don't mind sharing that birthday with the Squid VTubers if there's any of these out there.
My height is 162 centimetres, which makes me 5'3", because I forgot to update this slide,
like a dafty, but hey, over here now. For my languages, turns out, if you're born in Scotland,
the British government recognises Scottish slang as its own language, so in your face,
I can speak two languages, so it's fantastic with that. And Grace, I am a Cuttlefish,
and I'm also good at the 100m sprint, thank you, thank you, I'll be here all week.
My legs and disc legs, I like mesmerising you, that part comes later, okay, very soon,
the debut is only 30 minutes long, you can go away long with us, okay, you know, really boom, boom,
really quick over here. ASMR, if you like ASMR, you're gonna get spoiled, rotten on my channel,
or any of the ViaLoreGirls' channels, show us your plasters, no, oh god, can you see it,
wait, you're not supposed to see that part, yeah, like, I have to censor myself, my design's a little
sussable, okay, okay, anyway, what was I saying, ASMR, if you like ASMR, me and my gen mates are
all literally ASMR'd out the wazoo, so don't be shy to like or subscribe on any of them,
can't help give you a bigger hint than that, but hey ho, I like seeing victory on my screen,
because I could use any tiddly wink of serotonin possible, and you know, you get it from playing
multiplayer games, and you're in the same boat as me, and I also like plasters and band-aids,
my wonder one, for no nefarious reason, for my dislikes, grrr, you know, hate is a strong word
for my dislikes instead, grrr, I don't like bullies in video games, your teammates aren't
often a magically beat MLG pro, so relax, you don't have fun, it's a multiplayer game, team game,
just enjoy yourselves, okay, I don't like serious people, I don't like seriousness, I think my gen
mates can all pretty much vouch that I am the most unserious and ridiculous, I can't be serious,
it's terrible, I'm the most unprofessional person they've probably ever worked with in their entire
life, but hey ho, that's like, and I don't like Mongolian throat singing, I'm so sorry,
people seem to really like it, but I don't, it doesn't sound nice, so I apologize to the one
Mongolian throat singer that's watching right now, but I just can't, okay, I'm nice and generic, sorry
there's nothing interesting about my tastes, movies, lord of the rings, best as we come,
animes, nice and generic again, books, I actually started reading books this year, I know that
sounds crazy as a sin because people like read books in general, me however, I started this year,
I really like dystopian books that talk about human nature and how humans are stinky poo poo heads,
for some reason they just really capture me, I like being depressed after reading a book,
for my music Hatsune Miku and Atarashi Gaku, I want to see them live if it's possible, but
yeah, sorry it's like choking my spit, oh yeah, just a wee bit of a gamer, a tiny bit of a gamer,
like it doesn't mean I'm good at games, now before there's that one person that's like,
you've played all these games, that means you're MLG pro, not relax, relax, I've played games full
stop, okay, these are the games that I remember playing or just kind of like have a good, yeah
played them type thing, okay, so you might have a few things in common, I could, you know,
move out of the way, there's like some Lego games, I still love my Lego games, but yeah,
these are all the games that I remember playing, there's tons that I've obviously missed out on
that are like so tiny that it's kind of hard to mention, but there's a big ol' square red for you,
as we see it was about an Xbox gamer, do apologize, the old Call of Duty days,
yeah, for my goals, um, I want to get monetized on YouTube,
so feel free to subscribe, because we have been called like crazy since then,
and we need watch hours, so don't be shy to rewatch anything that is offered on the channel,
I want to stream so much that you can basically read everything in my voice, and you know,
you'll be Scots yourself, and you can apply for citizenship, and all that good stuff,
I also want to create a mega ASMR collab with my gen mates, which I've already got quite a few
on the way, so don't worry, it's coming, you just gotta wait, okay, um, I have a childhood dream,
actually, of a 100,000 gamer score, and it's actually possible now with Xbox Game Pass,
I would absolutely love to explore a taken amount of, um, childhood games, and I would love to play
like your childhood games as well, because obviously I was kind of at the mercy of what
my dad would buy me for childhood games, so it doesn't quite count, um, so here's a little fun
factoid about me, I'm a wee bit of a workaholic, so I would like to say that for every 1000 subscribers
I get on my YouTube channel, I'm going to upload a celebratory, really hard to say that if you're
Scottish, celebratory ASMR video, pair 1000 subscribers, I've already got like tons
ready to go, so don't be shy, you know what to do, wink, wink, I also want to challenge myself,
I want to collab, I want to make ASMR collabs with over 100 different VTubers, and I'm actually
so much of a workaholic, I already have three confirmed with VTubers outside of VLR, so
I'm very serious about that, if you ever have a 3DO, you're a VTuber, I'm coming to find you in
your DMs, um, I would love if we could read Lord of the Rings together, I think it would be so fun,
I'm not a very strong reader, but I think it would be really cute to do like a little, um,
like before the end of stream, we read one chapter or something like that, and last but certainly
not least, I would love to get stream sniped, I absolutely adore it, I love playing multiplayer
games where you can join me and you can have an amazing time and have so much fun, it's just one
of my favourite things okay, so please do not be shy, every week I plan on playing multiplayer
games where you can join me at any point, I will try to make them free and accessible as I can,
these are my goals, thank you, thank you, thank you,
I'm dumb, okay, I'm really dumb, I don't know how to come up with tags, I'm not funny, I'm not good
with puns, so I am more than happy to take any suggestion, um, we can figure it out very soon,
don't worry, okay, my Oshi marks are squid, but I'm a cuttlefish, but squids and cuttlefish are
cephalopod, so I don't mind sharing the emoji, and then the second emoji kind of looks like a man
bowing, hmm, hmm, maybe that is a hint to what I might try to make content wise,
and for fan names, there is only gonna be one option, come on, let's not beat around the bush,
you are my refling, you will always be my refling, and thank you so fucking much for waiting, I have
bloody missed you, special shout out to Nari, and Squishy Goal, you may have noticed a bit of a
trending pattern, alright, a bit of a trending pattern, uh, Squishy Goal, conceptualized as all,
and Nari helped out and made us come to life, which is beautiful, beautiful, and also as a little
mini announcement, the Vealor website, the official Vealor website will be updated shortly, and everyone
who created the gen one at any, any stage is gonna be credited on the website, so you'll see these
names very soon on that website once the update comes out, so thank you everyone who came together
to meet this fantastic gen of indulge, oh, okay, okay, okay, okay, no, no, most people get to do, oh,
this is my gen mate's impression, okay, gen mate's impression, me, oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
I picked my gen mates, do you understand, I picked them, okay, now I'm gonna tell you why I picked them,
you ready for this? Mercy's determination, she was gonna make it no matter what,
a little determining, like, the definition of mercy in the dictionary, if you look up,
it just says determined, okay, there is no way in heck she was not gonna get in, that's all I'm
gonna say on that one, and then Emi, I'm gonna have to be, Emi said to someone who was being
rude to her to keep themselves safe in Minecraft, and then she instantly got the part, okay,
I say, I say, oh, I say, has fantastic experience in history, and she's such a hard worker, she,
she gives her best, okay, she gives everything 100%, and it was absolutely beautiful, and she
actually, she had the most, um, she had the most professional application, even though English
is in her first language, and I'm like, god damn, I see, you're fucking impressive,
um, then Azura, okay, I describe Azura as my little diamond in the rough, now hear me out
before you're like, isn't that an insult, relax, I'm not told the full story yet, my goodness,
you're jumping the gun, I was going to cross off Azura's stream as I was reviewing her,
because she wasn't talking, she wasn't interacting, she wasn't really doing anything,
and then she said three words in that voice, oh, Azura, she instantly became Azura, she said
three words, and she got the damn part, and she was like, in that voice, in that, I can't mimic
her voice, okay, but I need gold, oh, Rosyksu, Rosyksu, and Shivi, Shivi is everything I should
have been in another life, okay, she is going very far, I'm very happy, absolutely, I could not have
asked for better gen mates, I am blown away that these girls even have freaking applied to such a
crazy idea, and here we are, debut, and you guys have shown nothing but love and support,
and we are all so thankful, I'm sure I speak for all of us when we were like, holy fuck, thank you,
because we didn't expect any of this, we're just like, yeah, we're just going to be my butt,
Ray, let me take you to, is that it, oh, I forgot to put away, it's for decoration,
okay, the tentacle in the back is for decoration, no questions, okay, no questions, let me do the
full body, let's start with the full body, may have a bandaid on for reasons, but as you can see,
I got some swivelly hips, thank you, no hurry, you know, we'll start from the bottom,
start from the bottom, never hear, you know how it is, okay, so if you didn't know, I actually
have what's known as a French manicure and pedicure, so you can see my little toenails,
this is French manicure, pedicure, and then you go up my face, and don't even be careful at my
thighs, because with a bandaid, is this smart, is this white, okay, okay, I don't think that's white,
okay, check it out, see look, I've got, oh my voice, I've got a French pedicure, manicure, see,
okay, we're just gonna skip past the bottom part, okay, and as you can see, if you look really close
to the elbows, I have pearlescent to my outfit, my outfit isn't white, it's pearlescent, so I shimmer
as I move about, it's fantastic, and so does my seashells, that's the top two, if you look at
real close, you have to really look for it, but look, I'm a shiny little seashell, what do you think,
it's good though, yeah, I'm in the Yukata, because it's a homage to Japanese culture,
because without Japanese culture, let's be honest, maybe, maybe trippers would be here, so
you know, the little Yukata going on, okay, let me, let me get real close, hopefully this isn't
uncomfortable, I know some people aren't like the best with eye contact, but look, don't, it's me,
it's me, okay, I'm a freak, I'm a star, I'm a star, and like, if I open my eyes, it opens,
I love you so much, oh and I'm sad, I'm sad, please, better not upset me, go subscribe to my
you upset me, I put pupil restructuring, what did you say,
I'm unamused, you failed me, I don't know, I can't do it, I can't do it the way she
does it, she's just off the top of her head, I'm like, these are my heart eyes, I love them,
and like, okay, this is just my opinion, but do you see how my neck is doing that thing,
where like, in the chin area, and it disappears, I love it so much in each of her models when
they do it, it's just, I love it, I love it, I love it, you're trying to make me blush,
you ever seen a blushing cut before? Oh, actually this is a very good point, some people don't like
backseat gaming, oh, I'm the opposite, I'm very dumb, I'm very happy for you a backseat game,
so you're probably going to see this one a lot if you care to watch me at any point,
and I got, oh I was kind of, look at that stuff there, how deep that went though, I was like,
swear, you know, looking at my gen mates all day, like, come on, the designs are good, don't lie,
oh, I might have just kind of spoiled it there, but you know how to cut fish,
have hypnotic patterns, may I please do this for you, are you ready?
Yes, we're going to be using this for a lot of ASMR, I love it,
you wouldn't fall for my hypnotic capabilities,
but if you're really struggling, like, if you're really struggling, how about this?
Yeah, it's over for you, just admit it, it's over for you, I mean, how can you resist,
why can't you resist this little Scottish accent? Right, right, right, attend, schedule time,
so my gen mates are all doing debut 2.0s, which is fantastic, me on the other hand,
I'm exposing the damn company, I've had enough of VLR, I'm exposing every little dirty secret they
have, so if you're excited to know the ins and outs of what it's like to run a VTuber agency,
to create one, to fund one, to know what goes on behind the scenes, that's right,
you can show up to my stream, the motor, obviously, I'm playing the greatest game of all time in
my first week, Assassin's Creed Brotherhood, I will not be taking any statements, any questions,
and any threats about claiming that Assassin's Creed Brotherhood is not the greatest game of all
time, so sorry, not sorry, but yeah, we also have needy streamer overload, James Cameron's Avatar,
which is such a niche game, I think about two people who are watching this right now, probably
played it, the multiplayer game of the week is Old School Runescape, if you'd like to do some
questing with me, I'm also doing an ASMR stream, and a handcam stream, where I'm trying foreign
sweets, or candy, if you're American, or if you're Australian you say lollipops,
so yeah, I did a little cheeky handcam stream, I think there's a few handcam streams coming up
from my gen mates already, someone was surprised I was doing handcam and I'm like,
I mean, we're not like, I don't know what part kind of tips you off that we're not like other
agencies, unironically, like was it the 80-20 split maybe, did that tip you off, or like the 100%
marriage sales got the talent, was it that part that tips you off that we're not quite like any other
agency, but yeah, let's go to Chihuahua, that's a lot of movement, it's a lot of movement,
but yes, that is my first week, I'm pretty much an endurance streamer, so good luck keeping up with
me, okay, Emmy Dookie, Emmy, right, thank you all so much, we are all going to collectively have
a 30-minute rest, and then guess what, you get to see us all interact together live, okay, we're
going to be telling some funny stories, some rather embarrassing stories, but hey ho, it's good content,
it's good content, that's right, and I will thank you all so much for all the love that
we've shown myself or my gen mates at will, and we will see you in 30 minutes, you will
automatically be redirected into the lovely group room, and we will see you in 30 minutes, okay,
can you wait 30 minutes, 30 more minutes, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, okay, I'll see you then, okay,
thank you so much, bye!
