Testing, testing. Attention, please. Attention, attention. Hear you, hear you.
Skyrim belongs to the North. That's my hear you, hear you. Why are you saying I
hate you? I'm not even freaking spawning yet! Let me spawn in! You know, I learned
something new yesterday thanks to TikTok so I can't wait to talk about it.
Right, testing. This is Ambroker. See, this freaking, you freaking freaks. Oh my
god! Oh my god! I'm YouTube, I got accepted from YouTube monetization like
right now! No way! I just got accepted for YouTube monetization right freaking
now! No way! Wait, but I need to do my stream then! Wait! Oh my god! I literally
just opened up YouTube studio! I've been accepted! No way! Wait, do I need to go off
lane and do my... No, I'll do it tomorrow. Oh my god! We did it! What the frick? What's
the frick? Fractally tech? Tic-tac? Petty work? Oh my god! Wait, and hopefully this
doesn't say anything. Wow! Wow! I just freaking checked! Right, right. We're still
gonna do Skyrim today because you know, Skyrim belongs to the Norths. But what? Tomorrow I'll
get to do my monetization celebration stream! And my toes look amazing for it so I'm
excited! Oh my god! That's amazing! Right, if you're freaking watching right now,
don't worry. Like the how you call it. The memberships aren't like activated
because I need to like go in and tell it like what to call the tiers and stuff.
But I'm like 100% sure tier one is $1.99 USD. This is to prevent anyone
gaining access via gift to membership streams. And then I believe the the
membership price, like the actual price, is $4.99 USD. Does that sound right? I need to ask you guys!
I need to ask you guys what sounds right. You guys call the shots. Yeah, if it's $4.99
and then Patreon's $5 then it's $9.99 total to support your Oshii at Veiler.
You okay? That seems right. Okay, that sounds okay. Everyone's gonna give me the thumbs up.
Ahhhh!
Congrats on the monetization. Doesn't mean we won't support you in other ways anymore though.
Oh, thank you so much. I really miss you.
WAH!
Congrats. I'm happy for you.
Why are you giving me money for getting more money? What the fuck? It's an infinite money glitch.
Oh my god. Also, there was an offline donation by Shank. Shank says, thank you for the tip,
by the way, he says, I'm over here squiddin' my dick. I got ink on my dick right now.
Which is so good. Thank you, Tim Schottel. Congrats on the monetization. Thank you!
And Bajinga as well. Thank you again for the tip. For the 20. That was a big tip. Thank you.
Okay. To prevent gifts, you need to set the membership quote above five bucks. Are you serious?
Wait, wait, wait, wait. Wasn't it not membership can only be gifted?
Stop giving me!
He's confusing the couple things.
Then why are you giving me money for being able to make, oh my god, no! I have to end up
my ASMR series now. I have four ASMR videos. I owe you.
Oh, and I'm doing an endurance stream today. It's over. Reluctantly saying thank you for the tip.
Wait, I could have sworn you can only gift the lowest tier membership on YouTube,
or has that been updated since? I won't say who so they can announce it themselves,
but someone else has also gotten monetized. Oh my god, we're all done or monetized?
No way. Like, okay. So the only reason we didn't like get monetized faster in quotation marks
is because you, stop it! Don't give me money! Forget money!
Pre-ordering my search. Thank you. Don't stay down for the tip. That's crazy.
That's freaking crazy. Gifts go to the most expensive tier under five bucks.
So I need to set it as 501. That looks terrible though. That looks so greedy.
But I can't have any outsiders in the membership streams because
I need to use a lot of euphemisms. Are you squiddling right now?
Shank! Oh, it's off-link! I'm in front of the Blackwater. I'm all about stron of the bath.
Thanks, Shank, for the tip. You guys will get the Blackwater reference very shortly. Super training,
Virginia! Stop! Actually, one cent greed law. Actually, it's two cent greed because I wanted it
4.99. It's said it to... No, six dollars is too much. This is too much money to ask for,
like, for membership stuff. Oh, right, that's it. When I said we're making an agency together,
I wasn't kidding. Oh, I see. And our snowberries are here. They just did an ASMR stream. We all
have to keep our voices down, okay? The snowberries are asleep. Fine, you've got it. Set it to 999.
I would start at 60 bucks just to be sure. Post up, are you?
And hi, Icy Raiders. Hi, snowberries. I just unlocked monetization. I didn't know
until I freaking went on my channel. It just happened right now. I'm not going to do my monetization
celebration today. I'm going to do it tomorrow and then it gives me a less time to do endurance
skyrim unless we come back to maybe switch up the thingy. But that's okay. It's actually a perfect
transition from Icy's stream. Hi, hi, little icicles. But yes, we are all getting monetized very
slowly, which is fantastic. Oh my gosh, you can get support via email or chat. Don't worry,
that chat support thing does absolutely nothing. I assure you, it doesn't do a single thing, okay?
Actually, I tell a lie, they did help me one time, so I'll give it up.
Amy, thank you, Amy, for your clap, clap, clap. Apparently, there's one other person that has
been processed. When we applied, it was like, yeah, it takes a month for them to review your
chat. A month, a month to review James Cameron's avatar, excuse me. A month to freaking review
Assassin's Creed Brotherhood, excuse me. Oh no, I never, oh, you guys so much ASMR video.
But I do have some good news about VTuber Collabs. I finally, I finally
sent away. So now I'm waiting on the girls. The ball is now in the girls court that I'm
collabing with. Yeah, yesterday, I was listening to a music creator called Yoast. He's a Dutch
and he was in Eurovision and he goes, Welcome to Europe. Life is till the
daughter, Europa, Europa. Turns out he has a song where it goes, Sakma.
So just imagine me playing the song and repeat in the dark, taping up four ASMR collabs in one go.
A month review time sounds realistic, given the fact that your streams are all above 10 hours.
Thank you for the tip again, but you're giving a lot of money. You need to be careful with the
crowd. Are you just reading me right now? You're in trouble too. No, thank you for the tip. Oh my
God. Damn, I almost got that song out of my head. Yeah, so basically just imagine me in a dark room,
just I had this song on repeat. I'm like, yeah, okay, right. Wolf mums, Pamper you to sleep,
right? Okay, what's next? Okay, jealous VTubers drag you in an alleyway for tangos. Okay,
what's next? What's next? Right, next script. Like I was on it. I was on it. Anonymous. It's
the silent and on his back. He's giving money, but he's not saying anything. He's not getting Brian
to say anything. Thank you for the tip. But yeah, anyway, that's how I work. I don't know how you
work, but I work like a madman. Had to take a shower. So I've got to listen at 1.5 speed for
the next 15 minutes. I was not prepared for the super speed beat up. So I was as strongly forgotten
to live tweet or tweet. If you mean tweet, I have absolutely horrific news. I am the worst VTuber
to ever spawn. I never use my emotes. I spent like so much on all these emotes. I never use them. I
never tweet out when I'm live because I start at the same time every single day and I'm like,
you want to be here, you're gonna be here. Somebody. Absolutely. Next script. YouTube to
monetize you one day after you get proved. I mean, depending on how the monetization celebration
goes tomorrow, that's quite plausible. But hey, at least a little bit YouTube history.
Don't mind if I make the headlines for VLR. So you guys go and support my gen mates. That's
right. There are five other lovely girls in the description below for you to check out. If you
cannot stand, Todd winning yet again with the death grip the Skyrim has over female VTubers.
Okay. So if you've had enough of that, Denny, you worry, I've got you sorted out. Sheepsters
is going live and team minus two hours. I believe Emma and Azura, my goodness, Azura,
and is coming for my Endurance Stream title. For goodness gravy, she was up on a farm. No,
it's not called Farmville. The farming star Jew Valley, for goodness sake. And then she
really popped out of 10 of her Endurance Stream. I'm like, damn, they're coming from my title.
But I'm gonna show them how it's done. Okay, I'm gonna show them how it's done. I woke up
feeling sick and I was like, oh, maybe I won't do an Endurance Stream. But the moment I hit go live,
it feels like I have been given a second burst of energy, a second wind, if you will. It's like
that cinematic moment in like the video game thing. We're like, oh, Brian.
Why would you give 100? That's so much. You never even said anything, Dapper Bucket. Oh my
God. Thank you for the 100. Iron Reaper 100. Why are you? Why are you giving me money for being
able to earn more money? What's going on? What's going on? Have I missed something in the VTuber
etiquette book? Iron Reaper, thank you for the 100. Dapper, thank you for the 100. Zarian,
congrats on monetization. Meeting great for anyone who goes over $20 on the donut. That's
terrible. You can't say that part out loud. Literally, everyone is giving your... Yeah,
please make sure you are fully sorted before you give any money. Please understand, I adore what I
do. I have been welcomed with open arms into the VTuber community as someone who could definitely
have been described as an outsider. And instead of being shunned, I was welcomed and taught the ropes,
which I'm so thankful for. But please understand, like, I get streamed for free. I love what I do,
okay? Anonymous with a 20 with no message again. Brian, you look, you need to put Brian to work,
okay? You need to put Brian to work. Oh, anonymous, give me 20 because I said the 20 thing.
That is terrible. But we've done it. We officially have finished our first week at Bueller Headquarters.
Literally, everyone has done fantastic streaming. I am very happy to see some of the girls taking
a break. Oh, Irvan Biscay. Brian. We don't like giving YouTube a cut.
Wait, oh, that's why you do stream elements. Okay, I understand. I read about that. Thank you,
Irvan Biscay. Brian! Don't know, we'll continue until morale improves. Congratulations. Wait,
why did I know that? Do you guys hear Brian at all when he talks? Yeah, you do, surely you do.
Oh, my God. Wait, you said I said your name yesterday correctly.
Rilke? Rilke? Cadmus? Thank you for the tip. Why did I know that quote? Yeah, we hear him. Okay, thank
God. God, it feels like so much longer. You've always been here. I think because, like, my average
streamed week is probably what a VTuber achieves in an entire month. So it feels like I've been
here for a very long time. I was like, nope, this is officially my first, like, strum, you know,
first second week of streaming. Ancient joke, the beatings will continue until the more... Okay,
that's... Okay, okay, okay. Guys, do you know a perfect way to party the achievement? A really
big storm of bad joke. What did you even say? Was that supposed to be a joke? I don't get it.
I don't get the joke if that was supposed to be a joke. So you're getting crickets.
Who's ready? Who's ready for bi-zura, bi-zura, bi-zura. Now, I know that's not in this game,
but bi-zura. Remember that time I accident... Wait, can you hear the game?
Can you hear any of that? You can't hear any of that.
Oh, oh, oh, wait, get monetization off the screen right now.
Oh, my freaking mouse won't hover over... Right, there we go.
Oh, my voice is cracking already. I've known you started...
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Don't again, don't again. Don't again, No Skyrim.
I don't know the words. One of them was like all glass, for like a meme fucking cover.
By Pope Ryan. This is our attempt at normalizing corporate,
Great free donations. Wait. No, are you guys neutral it? Wait you oh god. Thank you so much for all the tips. Holy sugar
Thank you
Etherna a oh my god
My mouse won't hover over OBS so I can lower the volume of the frickin game. Oh, it's so loud. Oh, that's getting loud
All right, I've turned it down a wee bit and turn me up
There's a Brian echo now
Right, I guess I'll just play him through desktop only. I'll just need to test if this works
Okay, okay, it works. It works. Okay. Let's jump into it. Do you know the actual lyrics?
I say dovahkin dovahkin dovahkin of Skyrim
Level one oh, it's been so freakin long since I've played this game. Oh
My god
No mods of course right no vanilla, I'm appreciating the game and its release quality
I do understand those who prefer a modded experience. I like to appreciate a game the way it has been released
I understand there's always time constraints
There's always stuff that has been taken out for example ruining the thieves guild
and
But I just I want to appreciate it how it is
Wait, I didn't hear any of that if that played
Tharya from soul time to high rocks Skyrim is for the Nord's first road. Ah, oh
I'm on controller by the way because I'm used to playing Xbox
No mods as good as God intended
Is Brian talking at all I
Don't hear Brian at all now
Can you guys hear Brian I can't hear him he said the
Only put subtitles on as well
Freaking positive. Yeah. Hold on. Oh my god. Oh my god. I can't see my mouse
It's not giving me my freaking cursor, please please
Stop this madness, please, right? You're just gonna have to deal with double Brian. Oh
My god, that's like proper pause. Holy shit reluctantly seen. Thank you for the 20
Relentlessly need to get that memebership after all. Hey, also. Hey, you're finally wait you're trying to cross that border
It's our
The leader of the storm cloaks, Yarl
Thank you reluctantly same for the tip gaming kits, honey
Congrats, Johnny. Also. I found this donor. I think you dropped it
Giving me money giving me money because I made money
Should be of home
I'm from Roryx dead
Ah look it's in America
Let's get that so far we look like
And you hand touches the be no
Hear me and obey a fellow darkness has feet into my street. I don't miss that will alert you
I don't know
Oh, thank you
Merida
Merida Merida
Merida
There is the tip
All right, you guys are giving too much money. I'm about to pause these little fucking donors
Skyrim for me. I was more of a fallout guy cause I'm a wanderer. Yeah, the Wanderer a roam around around around
I'm a wanderer. I
Stop. Hey, are you finally awake? I'm here to create order my name
That's so much money
Erox a way
Supposed to say your names Erox a way
Erox a way. Thank you for the tip. I appreciate it. I'm Reaper again. Thank you for the tip
Identifying yourself as a fallout wanderer
Apparently we can do fallout 76 multiplayer. I don't know how it's gonna work too much monetization get absolutely loved on nerd
How dare you?
Merida is the god who owns the beacon. Ah, right. We're ERPing now as a Skyrim
Day deities
Johnny, please make the stop that's funny as anything
Okay, are we right we're gonna be role-playing out the wazoo
Nord what is the bill today?
a
Grembo, thank you for the congrats and the tip. We are Nord filled. Okay, we are Nord
We are Stormcloak. We are enjoying the game as the
Resistance or the opposition to what the Legion is trying to put on the upon Skyrim as a whole
Okay, so Skyrim is the current region that we're in
There's different regions such as Hammerfell for example
Oh
Brian you rather go to the woods with a high elf or a grizzly bear
I
Don't know could I take on a high elf? I feel like I'm really weak
Apparently polar bears are actually the most aggressive breed of bear if you didn't know that grizzly bears actually avoid human intervention apparently right?
So we are Nordic
Seasons of Skyrim they are tall and fair haired people strong and hardy
Nord's are famous for their resistance to cold and their talent as warriors
They can use a battle cry to make opponents flee
Fantastic. Um, are we gonna be a man or a woman? Oh?
um
Oh
Okay, okay, just a few technicals. It's a technical difficulty
Do you get to the cloud district very often? Oh?
What am I saying? Of course you don't thank you Nazim. Are you roleplayed as NPCs of Skyrim?
Nazim, I'm not really I don't know if you can hear that but that's me click and select on Nord
Oh, it's it's trigger. Is this where the membership pre-orders happen stop?
Rico, thank you for the tip. Why are you? I don't understand another week of my new daily routine
From five to one and then stroney time from two to two followed by sleep from two fifteen
No, that's so unhealthy
Barrel is so unhealthy. Oh my god. Shut up and take my money
Guys, what the heck?
Terminator one-on-one. Thank you
Fenix, thank you
No breaks on this alluring train. Oh my god. You guys are in it. You're in it to win it
No, did I get to play a whammin? I get to be a whammin or do you guys not like when whammin?
I don't know. I feel like if we're seared at someone's booty all day, I'd rather pick a whammin, you know
But thank you so much for all these tips Phoenix bearer Nazim. Yeah. Yeah, Nazim
Rico, Tarja, Terran, Frickin, there's so many tip become whammin. Okay. I'm allowed to be whammin. Yeah, wait run guard
What's the matter? Someone steal your sweet role?
Oh my
Someone stole your sweet role. I used to be able to do the accent in Skyrim, but then I'm completely bloody forgotten how to do it
I'll need to listen to it a bit more. Um
Right, we're gonna be young and pretty and
So we'll use that face
We're gonna be white as possible because you'll never guess what color I am and the reason why you don't do skinny is because
As skinny as possible is because the clothes
Texture on the shoulders. Can you see that you actually are better if you want less clothes?
Mashing to put the weight up just a wee tiny wee bit and for the complexion again
We're wanting young and the door do we want freckles?
I don't know freckles mainstream. Fuck it. We'll get no dirt. Do you want a kill scar?
And the name of the nodes I pray to the Lord's you all get a taste of my blade and my sword and I'm taking on hordes of enemies
I'm going on hordes of weaponry's
I think I think cheeky little scars on the face there just to kind of show that we mean business, okay?
Where is here? I don't really I'm not really fussed for all this stuff
Nick color. I didn't even know that was a cent
Right now
So I'm pretty good Tony and say a quick congrats on
Soon you deserve it after all your hard work. Thank you so much for the tip Rick or Tony
Honestly, I would have like if YouTube updated its thing for like we all made watch time on day one after debut
Which isn't she which is insane? What color are eyes?
Oh
No, wait, I've lost my right give us give us the sexy eyes, okay?
We want say do we want like piercing eyes like I'm looking into your
That's I'm looking into your soul eyes. I used to be an adventure
Then I took an arrow to the knee. Thank you. I love how this entire phrase is a euphemism for marriage tying you down from your
Oh, wait, oh not the old ball and chain ruining my Skyrim adventures
Sorry, I thank you for the tip. Literally the old ball and chain
Do I want to like I want piercing eyes to be like yeah, I'm a Nord by the way
That's realistically piercing. Yeah, I'll do it. I'll do it
We just need to change the hair because I didn't like the hair. Let's see what we'll go
Look to the look to the second one. This is girl simulator D. Right. No, we're gonna have hair on you
There's no point in having me here. Is there bunches like me? I don't think there's any bunches. I
Feel like an adventure doesn't have time to like perfectly pleat her hair. Oh, look at that nose bridge
She got a nose job. It's so pretty
I don't oh, I'm not we're not doing the Mohawk. I can tell you that much right now. There's really no bunches. I
Know this game came out in 2011, but bunches knee bunches
a
Girl knows damn bills wrap. Yes, vanilla Skyrim
Stopstream no bunches need to get some mods going honestly
Right. Oh, that's ridiculous. Oh
That looks kind of cool. That's badass, but what floor are we gonna be blonde Nordic or we're gonna be black hair Nordic?
Ah
the black
the black is me, but I
Don't know if we're going like blonde like perfect waifu type thing
I mean, she's got the smoky eyes going little smoky eyelash and liner. I can see it
I got a little scar going. You know show how go red. Why would I read?
No, there's no red black is better. Okay. I think black really accentuates like
Okay, done. How'd I do done? What's her name?
I can buy you do premium with PayPal, but not membership. You do is a bitch
My membership isn't even up. Yeah iron reaper. You're like 10 steps ahead of me. What do we call ourselves?
We're the drag sometimes. I don't know sometimes that red agon me right now born
Stop right there. Oh
Just kidding congrats on money. Oh, thank you so much scrumptious nightmare. I appreciate it so much
Why the frick frack did lay back? Are you all giving me money though?
Like don't and don't deny explaining why you're giving me money like why you're giving me money forgetting money via monetization
Just put it in the chat. Okay. Just put it in the chat
I don't understand why you're giving me money for the ability to make money
Now Zeem's wife, right?
Um, I quite like doing vanilla like call yourself dragonborn or unless she's gonna call me dragonborn twice
Jamal seaborn. Okay, dude. Hey, but that's genius cuz you're in to support the next gen. Oh
Okay, okay. Oh
I like that. All right, I'll accept the money if you want to the next generation of
Daughters, but just remember the only reason that we have five daughters in the first place is because of what happened in the age
Smart booth all lights were turned off. So we'll need to just
If you want that again, right, we're gonna just call ourselves dragonborn. I like role-playing directly
As the characters name. I don't know why I just like it. I like being lower friendly call her
I
See one more time. Did you guys?
Okay, Rico, but yeah mystery money my booty crack. I cast mended but crack
Thank you so much for all the tips. My god. You guys are crazy today though. You should shit. Hold back
How about you hold back? Okay? Just
Stop
Okay
Brian
Oh my god
Yeah, tell me how to spend my money. All right. Okay shipy scottles. Thank you for the tip driving decent nuts
If you complain any more that we gave you money
I'll put tomorrow behind that makes me shut up for the rest of the stream about the dough knows
I can assure you that much my god. Thank you so much
shipy
Scottles and all of them biscuit again for the tip and iron report again for the tip. I will no longer complain
Let me be clear. Oh, we're literally watching someone get beheaded by the way
My ancestors. Oh wait, hold on. We need to put
We need to put subtitles on because I am
Little replay anonymous. Oh, I love you too anonymous. Thank you for the tip. I appreciate it
What he's you're
Totally not bitch. Okay, you're done. Thank you for the tip
Was where's my subtitles did I not just put them on am I come crazy and maybe crazy wouldn't
No one saw that by the way. No one saw. Wait, I did. Oh
No one saw that by the way and
It changes later on when we need to do a little to me a legendary dragon, but no one saw that, okay?
Oh
What did I just do
Anonymous tipped and said money, right? Thank you anonymous. I appreciate
I got it from a company called the law model icy snow pause yellow sprinklers is different, but welcome
Did you right? Thank you for the tip that did you guys see emmy's not safe for work?
I almost like through the screen. I was having a sample. You know how I'm sampling American
like
Physiogists
Oh, oh, we're loading in we're loading into the gameplay section
Fuckin. Oh my god. The controls are all wrong. I give the best head. It's just not mine
Executioner. Oh my god, the controls are all low crouches frickin analog stick when it should be run
I will change this once we get out unbound
Real and true she wanted the emanate
The emanate. Oh my god. That's genius. Sorry, right? This is gonna break
So don't if this is games to allow just tell me I can turn it down
I'll do it. No, he's burning everything
So I when my first played this game my dad was watching me both of us couldn't figure out I was supposed to do this
We kept going back and forth at the same area, but like I handed it to him
I'm like dad when you do this bit and he's like, I don't know what you're doing either
Okay, you need to hide behind here to not be hit by the dragons glass
Um
60 milliliters of our nectar the emanate. I
Have her notice on I see everything my little sister post
Ha, I was so glad you guys are like enjoying her and her character like obviously getting me
Concepted with like are we doing this and it was like, oh my god, like the other is doing this
Oh neat Crouch neat Crouch Lee doesn't see us even though that wearing his sign is up
Why don't you all do it? Yeah, I hope she will ball and ship
Actually, I forgot to get back to her about permission for something which you guys will really enjoy. I don't know
Um, I don't know if she's still lurking right heart. Wait. Hold on
We hate you
To that to a bit spit on his face. We don't we're not going with you. Yeah. Yeah. Oh
My god, oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. It's drama. It's
We're going with the storm folk which is blue because the red are the baddies
I
Actually can't wait strong. He really said chat this real when making it
Right, can you unbound me yet so I can start fixing my controls. Oh my god, he's not got a pulse
Yeah, he's what is known as a ragdoll
Looks like we're the only ones who made it
Yeah, we don't like people who aren't
No, if you actually know the lore of Skyrim, it's actually pretty outrageous
I don't know why the storm cooks are the baddies. I'm not I'm not going mental
but from what I know
The Thalmor not the Thalmor the age the thumb. Oh, no the Thalmor embassy. Is it the Thalmor?
They came into Skyrim and we're like, right?
Right. Sorry. Sorry. I'm trying to explain the lore of Skyrim like really quick. Right. Hold on
Let's fix my frickin right. That should be run
Sentence gameplay run
run
Just what?
Gameplay look sensitivity vibrate
Where do I
Hello, oh, it's controls not sounds my apologies, right run toggle POV
No, absolutely not sprint sprint should be this one
crouch should be
What one should crutch be I can only know I only know which one crutch should be okay
Crutch should be the other analog stick. I need to go back out in order to do it properly
Let's go it's happening wait, what's that what I four six was six days ago. Wait, what what did it for monetize talents?
Oh, did I miss it? I mean four of us monetize. Oh my god, you need to oh
All the girls. I don't know if there's any girls lurking right now
You need to think of your monetization stream
She be already put what hers is I think I said what mine was in chat if you don't know what to do
Don't worry. I'll help you after my stream. What was I doing snake sneak is
Crouches other this button
Character menu. I don't
Think so. I don't think character menu is frickin bee. What the frick what the frick that's quite
I mean, oh
I can't remember my sentence from childhood god damn it's been so long toggle POV left bumper
No, let a character menu is probably left bumper then first row da is
Right bumper. Yes. Okay. This looks correct. Why oh no jump right one last one
I'm so sorry. Please. Please. I'm so sorry a jump is alpha
Activate is why yeah, this looks correct. Sorry. I'm an Xbox kid. I'm not gonna be that a la gunkies
Wait is be crouching state. Oh, I think be is crouch. You know that hold on hold on pause pause the tunes
I need time to shoelaces a crouch crouch crouch crouch sneak and then Poggle TV. Yeah, yeah, that's fine
Please monetize the last two so everyone is happy together
Go ahead take it
Mmm, right one more to get right everything
Oh, oh, let's get that off. Let's check out the drip. Oh, look at the storm cold drip
To your one should be a motess in the rest can have been practice
Can you check your difficulty? I think it's all bug. No, no, nothing wrong with the difficulty of the game
Wait, what do we need to oh wait? There's about to be an enemy that comes through a thing or something
We're about to jump on hope by tomorrow six at six. I would love that for all the girls. They're so excited
They can't see us they don't know
He can't see me at all is he like directly at me by the way. Oh
My god, I forgot how clunky the fricking if you're late
Oh my god, this is so clunky
Yes, yes a key a key
Take all
Definitely gonna quit these because they're a lot better than right. I know I'm dressing up as the enemy. Okay, but
That's heavy armor. We're gonna wait. Where the frick is the key or he gets the key. Okay?
Storm coke and drip in the same sentences oxymoronic
How do you they're both bad
But storm cooks are just worse the High King was leader of the good factions of Skyrim and he surrendered to the Empire because they were the
Less bad option. I didn't know that I thought it was like the Thalmor Embassy came in and they were like you can he worship
Talus anymore and I was like you can't he come into my company and tell me what I can do and can he do so
I'll pick this guy the storm cooks
Like you can't he just go and be doing that like that's a region's right. Where's the enemies? Oh
Oh
Yeah, that's right. Look at that come. Oh my god. It's so bad on PC like when we analog stick
Stealth goes from input. I don't know. I'm normally like a two-handed player
I'll always try to be an archer and I'll always end up two-handed because there's a really good freakin and
There's a really good
Enchantment which you can get from
Yes, sorry torturer. Yeah. Yeah, you're trying to tell me that a oh
She get in it. She annihilated him
No, I haven't seen him
You can lock pick these for like I guess we'll try it. So there's
You can literally smurf this if you leave and then shuggle it you hear that
Hear that if you do super gently see so we know know it's left side. Oh
I'm not getting pranked
There
You can literally smurf like all this stuff if you want it to be made you can pick up the stuff
But we are actually gonna sell it because it's good money
I don't think I think there's a shield behind here if you wanted to do. Yeah, if you want a shield then
There is one here, but I don't really bother a shield that I do two-handed
So we're gonna get a war hammer very shortly
There should be coins down here and one of these if I'm not mistaken
I guess 300 no 300 coins seems a bit extreme. Maybe 30 coins in there. We are just gonna blast through it
Um
Try two-handing mage mage is my fave. No two-handed warrior two-handed
Lightweight warrior and you can muck around with a bow and arrow
Like if you do the nightingale quest you get light armor. That's pretty sneaky
But the thief skilled armor especially for the stamina and like item increase is so good
and as for how we're gonna tackle what we do first
I'm going to purposefully do the companions quest line and then load a previous save
Because I don't like oh, sorry. Sorry. Hold on. I was out of stamina. I was trying to reach up and
that oh
I see just posted a very watery tweet. No way
the the piss corp
Accusations we ain't beating them today and we ain't beating them tomorrow
The nightingales. Yeah pure mage is hard mode. I
There should be something up here if I remember correctly on the right side of these rocks
What was it? Oh, it's just a weak coin purse
I got 14 gold. Honestly purse scaly boy. He's he's gone. He he couldn't get out, but the bars are broken now. I
Love the jewel wheels nightingale peeler. No, no peeler
That's awful, but that's hilarious at the same time
Right, there are spiders so if any of you are arachnophobic whoa
Don't worry
They are getting absolutely. Yeah, I've been poisoned. I think they give stamina for space
But yeah, please look away if you're arachnophobic. We are just gonna blast through this area
Did I come from here?
I think there's something to look up there. Maybe I don't know I can't
There is a bear ahead. I say look away, but you're too busy doing something on your alternative Twitter, so it's okay
She doesn't have to know
We are gonna take this for some really quick money
I believe there is an achievement for holding 100,000 gold at one stage the best way to make gold
I have found is
by
enchanting and selling that jewelry and
There is a bit of a mild strut that I devised myself. I don't know if it's the strut
Survival mode survival adds the need absolutely not. What is this?
Survival adds the need to eat sleep and stay warm also adds challenges such as no no and no
I want vanilla Skyrim. Oh my god. Is that is that PC?
I
Just really am I not am I not getting achievements on Xbox for this? I don't think I am
I'm not
I named the stream zero to 1,000. Well, that's a very accurate over them
Are you playing anniversary?
In additional challenge. Oh, well, we should have gone achievement there, but we're not playing Xbox. I'm dumb
Imagine having to eat each 10 cheese wheels. Um, so there is a really easy mine
You can clear out. I think it will give us two handed. Um, that's just there to head
It's like right in your oh, actually. Sorry the standard stones first standing stones. I believe there are 12 standing stones which give you a
Certain boosts such as a faster leveling XP under certain things. So there's a mage stone
There's a thief stone and there is a warrior stone, but there's different ones as well one
I believe is like a mule stone where you just straight up can carry more items on your persons
Yeah, literally activate thief activate mage activate warrior. We are gonna do thief
Are we gonna do thief what's warrior I've forgotten
Right, we'll do warrior normally I do thief but we will we're gonna clear out this mine very quickly
We're just gonna pick up ingredients as we go along the way of the stones the way work. Yeah, there should be achievement to find them all. Yes
Well
So that just not have achievements at all because I'm not I'm playing on Xbox game pass, but it's not like instance to
Xbox
Don't be too afraid of the wolves on the
They are to hit they can give you rock joint. Oh, I've gone past the mine already
They can give you
Is it no, it's a rock joint or is it lockjaw? I
Think it's rock joint. Oh
My memory of me I've gone so past this mine shaft. Yeah, here we go. Right. There should be a bad day out here. Hello
Yeah, yeah, yeah
You're playing a novice. No, no, these accusations are unfound. It is rock. I thought that but strong eight
Where is the
Blarney and yes, I know the Blarney stone. What?
Are you trying to make a ballamore joke?
There's a trip wire here in this mine, but don't worry about it
As I said, you can please get him up whatever level you want. I like blasting through and just absolutely annihilate and take this
Like it's so good. There are some later stages were even been on easy mode. Isn't that bad?
Although I have to admit. I guess this is registering as PC Skyrim and
It's quite different. Oh, this is so sad. They made this person mine themselves to death
They've had me working down here for days now. It's not the time that's getting to me though. It's these tunnels
I've told this countless times now to add extra support to the weak sections of the tunnel
If only we had more of these wooden beams that were we reinforced with bronze bottoms
Honestly, if I hear the earth shift one more time above my head, I'm so stressed. I may stop drinking for good
I mean, what's a Nord without his mead and he died because of a collapse in
So my granddad was a miner
and he used to tell me really rough stories about
Um
The he is like being in the mineshaft and all of that and they had a mine collapse and
Within two minutes. They had already killed the guy out and he was gone like he
Parish it was great. I may a minor. Yes
and
They do I think bandits normally have like a lockpick and coin, but it's not really the best
and
You can't just like straight up grab this shit, but there is a big chest in here
So we're just gonna clear out the way unless we oh, I was gonna say unless we speak but the guy's right there
And yeah, but like my granddad used to talk so openly about the
We just got it just like
Callers. Oh, no, hold on. Everyone knows I'm bad at log-picking now
Um, okay, we've got our first. What are you 20 damage rate 20 damage?
He like spoke so openly about it and I'm like
Granddad
Granddad, that's just straight up like stuff. That's like man-made like horrors beyond comprend comprehension type stuff
this chest
Okay, we're definitely on PC cuz amber does
Not look like that. What the heck?
What the heck? I've never seen that in Skyrim before am I going crazy or
I don't know
Right don't get ready to swing
Oh
Oh
And if the book is valued at 50 coins or more
You will level up reading that book if you are ever in a section and you're like what the heck are all these books if that book is
valued at 50
Septim or more then it is actually a skill book. Oh
Oh my god, that's so satisfying
That's so freaking satisfying
Hold on a minute. Yeah, that's a yeah, bone archer
Um, I think there's a tiny little chest on the edge here. I think there's a little bug with a difficulty
No, not at all. I'm playing on. Oh wait. It's just an a vein
If you didn't know and these are called veins when you can see the ore sticking out from the wall
It's quite interesting. Honestly, maybe I should talk about mining because my granddad spoke to me in big detail about it
and
Like how they used to come out and like their eyes really bloodshot red and everything and have I missed that chest back there?
I think I have but it's not a big deal
Yeah, I thought that and I just like I was like I've missed that chest having a bit fine
If you run where your weapon out your stamina will decrease, but that's okay. You don't really need it
Especially when you're just so good at the game like playing legendary mode like as I'm playing right now
If you didn't know I'm playing legendary mode like just because I'm such a pro everything becomes really easy
And you just have to like understand the strats as long as you like swing first
Basically, you win every fight and the reason why they hardly do any damage to me is
Because I have such high defense, of course and not any other reason
If you're looking for work, go see pot at the main rail off said you could help me
Reload you know him
He's a friend. He promised you could help we escaped from the amperials together did
We heard that all free cause she lied as easily should breathe. What are you talking about? This is legendary
Literally like I know it's hard to believe that a beach over is just so good at skyrim
That they can play legendary mode as casually as I can
But it's just it's just the way it is. Okay
So the area is now just discovering that dragons are coming back
Legendary easy one never heard of it
Legendary is easy mode because I'm just so skilled at this game
Open options and show that it's legendary fine. I will
I will show that it's legendary. Oh look what's over there? Hold on. What's over there?
Look a little to the left
Look a little to the left. See I thought see I told you it was legendary. I don't know
See
I don't know why you doubted me for a millisecond why this isn't legendary like I'm just that
Oh, oh my god, like did you guys see what I see just posted on our alternative Twitter? Oh my god. Yeah
Yeah, no, it's crazy. Oh my god. I don't know how she did that
Oh
Yeah
At least now
Okay, uh, we are gonna go ahead and just deliver the news to um the yarl of
Dragons reach that's not the name of the town of white run. We are gonna. Oh something's at me. Oh, it's a crab
Get up, please
Uh, there should be wolves up ahead, but don't worry
Did stroney just look wow actually the legendary wait mome
Fae and uh
Stroneeing the truth
Did you just hit no not at all? I don't know what you're talking about
Well can't fake proof like that. You're clearly a true gamer. Thank you. I appreciate it. I don't know why sometimes
Look, it's a hard pill to swallow to admit that sometimes
You know a girl may be better than you at a game, but that's okay. That's okay
You know, I'll stroke your ego. You stroke mine. You admit that I'm a legendary Skyrim player and admit that
I'll I'll stroke your ego and some other things too at the same time. You know
We are gonna try and hit some of these markers
The reason for this is because there's a thieves guild quest at this particular location. So we will unlock it
Um speech 100 honestly
Yeah, I'm sorry to doubt you. Look, it's okay. Stuff happens like things in life, you know, sometimes
It's just once you once you swallow the truth the truth that um
You know, someone may be better at your favorite video game and it becomes easy. You know, life looks so good
uh
Driving my driving my forklift listening and watching stroney. Okay. I need to describe in detail what we're doing
What is that those are like clouds
That are being developed by horses footprints
That looks like a texture gone wrong. We're currently traveling to white run. We're just uh unlocking white run stables
Speech 100 as expected of a creator of peeler
Yeah, those look like uh the dust generated things and that's currently appearing in the sky
The spirit of the sky
Is where i'm gonna go when i die when i die
Put me at rest
Put me up in the spirit of the sky
I will believe you no matter what see that that's what i like to see, you know trust
Trust is an important foundation to build off of that's why i'm a legend
I just
Official business only now. This is where our tongue can come into aid
Persuasion i've news from helgen about the dragon attack
You've got a thousand errors in this game, so you must be good, right?
There's nazim thanks for the tip again nazim you want to see it see the lane
See the lane you get to the cloud district very often. Oh, what am I saying? Of course, you don't he said the lane
Oh, hello
Come to chat with an old woman. Hmm. Do your good deed for the day. No, do your good deed for the day
Let me guess they're saying it's because of this great. He said the line what a guy
hail talos
Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Come on. Let's hear it. I want to hear what you have to say come on
Oh
Breathe now
Okay, wrap it up wrap it up. Jeez, right. We will take talos's blessing though
All diseases cured other blessings removed and the blessing of talos added
Wait, it's joining big children. What big question. What children do you adopt? Uh
And the vealer girls are you meaning game? I even know how to marry. I like uh me all is it?
Uh, what's her name lioness and scarum. What's her in scarum and uh
Goodness me the thieves guild area
Rifting my god, my knowledge is out the window. It's been years since I've booted up this game
Me all the lioness exactly
Uh, so this don't even don't even engage in conversation. Don't waste my time
I'm delivering news about a freaking dragon. Everyone shut up in this room right now
I'm talking about a dragon
A dragon destroyed helgen, okay
And girders afraid riverwood is next
Kill the yarl kill jester me all that essentially
Yeah, me all the lioness I used to marry her all the time because I find her really cool
Uh, but you can't unlock her quest until like level seven nine
II
Okay hydration check
Yes, I had a great view while the imperials were trying to cut my head off
Really?
Are you squinting me right now?
Mr. L general to leases approximately two percent more caked up on legendary making the civil war significantly more difficult
Haha, thank you mr. L for the tip. Yes. No, don't worry. I'm fully aware of how caked up the enemies are on legendary mode
Don't worry. I'll handle it. I will explain to you all the strats to get you through the section of the game
Please don't worry. I will teach you the tips and tricks
The dragon destroyed helgen and last I saw it was heading this way
By use me, I will not let you go let her go
Against the dragon the greater as this yarrow bar
Ball gruff the lesser
We're a part of the council
Maybe we can exchange to oh, yeah
Yarrow ballin
You ever played killzone? I'm not
Yarrow ball gruff the mediocre
Yes, my y'all
If you'll excuse bro the glitch remuner's elf friend follows her because you into art him
That's funny
I never even thought about that. I didn't think she liked them that way white run a service
I have okay. Give me take this as a small
studded imperial armor
There is another thing you could do started our first quest
Let's go find faringar
My court wizard he's been looking into a matter related to the dragon and rumors of dragon
Is lydia gonna be your companion
You guys can pick the companion
Studied armor. I already had studded
What's my carry weight? I'm not really that heavy at the moment and we've just unlocked two there
um
Black falls barrel
Dog companion Cicero Cicero is not a companion
Cicero a companion
You you have to I don't want to spoil it for anyone who might not have done the assassins
The dark brotherhood line I can hear a child in the game. Please stop
Please cease your your dialogue. The yarrow said you had a project you needed help with
Project you think you could help me wait. You need to spare his life. He always attacks
me
The yarrow can be found. Wait. Oh my god. Oh, where's oh for goodness sake. I had to wait for this foreign dialogue
You need to end all the assassins quest and spare him. I could just warn he attacks me every time
I spare him. Are you squinting me right now? I'm such a fake gamer. Oh, yes, my favorite skyrim gargled ball mass
Thank you for the tip tharya
He's not
Look, he's not the worst yarrow, but he's a bit funny in the head. Okay
He could have he could have acted a bit more
All right. Where am I going to fetch?
No need for tedious housing wise. No need for tedious housing wise
Leave the details to your better streets
We are going to bleak falls bar right so this is how you make a sugar ton of money the arcane and channel
Uh, we're just and you literally get to level up just by destroying by destroying stuff. It's pretty cool
Anyway, we'll let them keep yapping away because we're about to unlock our dragon born powers
Is that john skyrim from the hit legendary show skyrim?
Yeah, but at the end of the fight you can decide to kill him or go away
I could have sworn he attacks me on xbox. I'm wondering if it's possible
Um, there might be a few coded differences
Battleborn give me your money. I don't have any money
Why didn't they hire me to be the mpc's like seriously? Could you imagine me like hanging a boot?
I'd actually I'd actually be so wait. Why does that say wait wait? I have a freaked out map. Where am I going?
Bleak falls bar. Oh, I need to go. Uh, we're just gonna go on riverwood real quick
But not a big yapper as
Um, I'm actually I'm having a mental debate right now
Um
So because we're not currently getting achievements like on steam or
here
I'm wondering if I should do a short two hour stream then come back and do the monetization stream possibly
I'm having to master debate about that. Um
Oh my god, there's a firefly
You cannot believe your eyes like 10 million fireflies
Let out the world as I fail asleep
Planet air
turns
It's hard to stay awake when I'd rather be asleep
Everything is never as it seems
He's half fall asleep. Uh, there are wolves currently biting my ankles, but it's fine
Oh, oh, no, it's not. I'm gonna get lock joints perish
Be gone
You can meet sister outside white run before doing the burp
Dark brother. Yes, you can meet him in his travels. It's possible
But you just have to beat him up first and the it's from UG. Can't wait for karaoke sneak peek at the next concert
Oh, the next be a lure cover
The fact, you know the lyrics to that song of my heart is alarming
It was like a really big song. I was like, can I believe your eyes like 10 million fireflies?
Let out the world as I fail asleep
These are bandits. I can't remember what the loot is up here
Oh
We got to hit uh, I think there's a bad guy up here. So we're actually gonna sneak for one
Oh, something can see us. Oh, we're hitting again
I think there is a bad guy in the chair up here. We just need a little oh, yeah
Oh, yeah, I heard that knife. Don't think I didn't hear it. We're
No, okay. Well, he can see me. So does the pen
Oh
The kill counts in this game are so ridiculous literally bludgeoned him to death
Um, I'll still leave the the light armor on. I know why are you doing two-handed with light armor?
Look, I just like light armor. Okay
Heavy armor. You'll never guess what heavy armor takes up a lot of room and it's heavy
Uh
Very popular 10 years ago remembers on everywhere rip that rip that guy. Oh rip that guy. I thought you meant the singer
Uh
Leather hat worn from iron hat. I don't know that's canonically how strony
Expires people head but I just do the helmet
We are in legendary. We can't let them house. Yeah, we're one shot right now. So we need to make sure we don't get hurt
Oh, I remember her
Going up these stairs for the first time and I was absolutely terrified of everything in this game
Oh
And I was I was probably oh, it's probably just the baby playing on the medium difficulty the default
Uh, oh, don't worry. We didn't actually get hit. Oh, we didn't get hit. That was called a whiff
That's that's what's known as a whiff in video games. Don't worry. Don't worry. We're still fine
No, the guy oh someone's shooting at me. I heard that bone. I don't know. Can I confess something if I
Ever play skyrim nowadays. I cheat with 300 speed
In speed malt command. What's that? I don't even know what that is. Uh
There should be a little dialogue. Did I have a bow and arrow?
I don't actually think I have a arrow
I had the chance to pick up a bow and I didn't
That's what I get for
No, don't worry
Oh, we're doing the golden claw. Oh my god
Right, I'm actually gonna pick up our bow for moments like that where we could legit just grab that stuff
There should be a little chest here. Oh, okay
Yeah, I'm a wee glaze. Go kiss
Oh such a good lock pick up 47 gold look we're not exactly breaking the bank here
Right. I think what I'll do
tomorrow
I'm just thinking
Why am I why I'm I'm so dumb and set this up but not to be on xbox game pass
Um, because I'm not getting any achievements. I think we'll do it. I'll play for two hours and we'll redirect into sheepsters
When she comes up and then I will replay everything that I achieved basically
Oh, this is supposed to be a tutorial if you don't
I've just upset him. He pulls it to show you that it's wrong
And I think he perishes here
But he's yeah
Yeah, it's like no health. So it's uh snake snake dolphin
You could just run the do the campaign and do monetization. Yeah
or yeah, actually maybe
um
Maybe we just do the main campaigns. I wouldn't actually I would be quite happy
and satisfied with skyrim again if the book is worth more than 50 gold if we do the main quest lines instead
then
I would actually be happy with what we've achieved with skyrim and we can oh my god. I forgot there's rats here. Hold on
Oh, I'm getting bit to death. Oh Mars. Oh my god. The swing is so bad
This swing is terrible. I know I should level up. I'm saving it
If you didn't know leveling up actually fully heals you. So if you're ever getting a
In a bit of a pickle
Why didn't you warn him?
Yes, actually, I wouldn't mind that today. We'll do an endurance stream if that's okay
Oh, this is freaking terrifying
Oh, he's actually quite a busy boy like honestly
Oh my god, he's just stabbed me
Wait, something else is red. I don't know. Hi
Ow, my ankle
Do you know see that big massive spider and you pick on me? You pick on me?
Right. Hello
Again
The rest the rest are winning
please
Please you have this whole chamber and you pick on me
Red I
this cold
He's actually one of the stronger enemies in the dungeon be as a script to death and insta dies
Where's the golden claw?
It works the claw the markings the door in the hall of stories. I know how they all fit together
Help me down and I'll show you
Same like a bandit attacking after take down a dragon literally hand over the claw first
Does it look like I could move you have to cut me down. Okay. No, you're kind of real for that. I'm sorry. I wasn't thinking
It's coming loose. I can feel it. Hello. I'm sure you wouldn't betray me
Would you?
Why should I share the treasure with anyone?
Why are you are you just leading me there?
You feel I'm not sharing it with anyone
Is he about to get
rolled by a drogger
Is he
I knew it. He is wait. Sorry. There's one behind me
He actually does I didn't know he was scripted to do that. I always kill him instantly
I saw mudcrabs the other day horrible creatures. Wait. Yeah, so it's on his person. Should we read his journal?
Left trigger read
My fingers are trembling the golden claws finally in my hands and with it the power of the ancient nordic heroes that
Fool lucian valerius has no idea that his favorite store decoration was actually the key to bleak falls
Tharu now I just need to get to the hall of stories and unlock the door the legends say
There is a test that the nord's put in place to keep the unworthy way
But that when you have the golden claw the solution is in the palm of your hand
Oh, shit. Okay. I saw that coming. I'm so sorry. I saw that coming. I stood right on that trap
Oh, shit. Why when I use a stamina move
Stop holding the freaking stamina bar. Holy crap. When I do a stamina move it like makes me go to the side
Literally the only thing that's going to hurt me in this game is um
Is uh traps nothing else
Spider girl for gen two
Hmm
So there's one I don't want to talk about it too much just for my baby girls like
We are only a weekend. Wait, is there a drogger here? I'm a little crazy. No, um
Obviously, I don't want to disrespect the baby girls. Um, I was talking to them
about like how development works behind the scenes
um
And unfortunately, I used my words pretty poorly and it made some of them a bit uncomfortable
So I don't really like talking about it too much. Um, but it's due to my poor communication
It's not due to the the girls in any way
um
But I what I can say is that
development takes a year at least
for uh generation
Like an entire generation if you will
um
And like I I don't want to say too much to make the girls feel like oh
I'm just like casting them aside because like oh shiny gen two like no, that's absolutely not the case like
I have said this from the start. Um if there is going to be a gen two
It will be at least a year away like I am
I am not rushing gens out just for the sake of doing it. That's that's so unbelievably disrespectful
To the girls who have placed faith in me
um, and
Like I still have a load of plans like now that the girls are in the stage of being monetized. Um
There's a lot of plans we can now execute. Um, like shorts as well. There's a lot of shorts that need to be made. Um, we have a fantastic
shorts editor who did a Hail Mary to the website and applied themselves
Um, and he's he's been a fantastic shorts editor
He's pretty much done the majority of the work. We have a a second one
Who's quite busy at the moment, but we are gonna, you know, test if it's all good and if it's all good then
You know, we've got a lot of shorts play coming up. Um
confirmed not a black company. I I hope not I
I said to the girls wholeheartedly and hopefully they will voucher. They remember I said something along the lines
I oh, I wasn't paying attention. Sorry. Um, I said if I ever do anything to you that is
Like absolutely hurting you that hurts you in any way that is a completely negative experience with me in any way
Take me out back and shoot me. Um, like it was it's why I was very serious in the interview
Uh, they they are welcome to talk about the interview if they would like, um, am I going the wrong way?
Am I going back the way I came? No, I'm not. Um
I said to them
Do not ever refer to me as your boss. Do not ever think of me as like a superior or something like that
Um, that's definitely not
Ever how I want you to think like I am literally like in this with you. We're we're memeing about we're figuring out what we want to do like, um
Definitely take me out back and shoot me. I'm so serious. Do not ever ever let me like oh, that's
It does more damage. Um, like do not ever take me like
You know, what's that saying you live long enough to become the villain
Don't ever let me live become don't ever let me live long enough to become the villain
Take me out back and shoot me like oh
It's why from the get go like if the girls sign on their contract for another year. Uh, we the company
um
We offer an alternative outfit on the house for them as well as their pay increase
goes
Sorry, I'm fucking try to like remember the the attack pattern and where the droggers spawn in this
we'll talk about this but um
Like uh, we definitely wanted to raise their income and the split goes
85 15 again kind of showing that we're not really here for grade. We're kind of here for
alternative reasons. Um
So is there an actual see oh, I don't own the company
Like I genuinely wholeheartedly my my my name
I'm
Basically my role is what is a creative director. I already if you look on the
Thingy it'll tell you what the code is but you just need to move these twice and then you've got the correct code
Unless it's different on pc. Uh, but basically I'm
I was the creative director because I did used to have the scripts like I used to be the script maker
I no longer have that there's no a manager. All I do right now is stream as strone as me
Um, and I send away shorts like I literally went into the girls dms
Last night like after streams
And I was like, hey, um, can I get an audio of you saying this and they're like, yeah, I'll do it in the morning
Like that's that's all I do
Uh, you're a cco. I don't know what a cco is. You're already like the opposite of a black company
Ah
I mean you're ready to be dragonborn
Word of power learn force
unrelenting force
force
um, there's always an overlord or um some sort of
um
Protector of the words of power, which you know makes sense all things considered
Uh, oh, we're gonna break that down
Chief creative officer, um
Nah, I've uh, we're just gonna break everything down and
I think there's a hidden chest by this waterfall
Although I could be completely wrong. Oh, well, no
Damn my memory coming through it's been how many years since I played this game and I'm like, yeah
There's a wee hidden chest here. Then there's this there and then you can pick this up and then I do that
Oh my god. So mlg pro honestly, um
Wow you a
Cuted that based on honestly force sounds like the german word foo, which means food
Oh, did you like my foos last night? Huh? Did did you like them streams?
Tell me I don't have I feel so feminine right now
I'm like the most feminine
I might get more pedicures because honestly that that that was so fun. I enjoyed it
The woman was so like both the women were so lovely. I felt so flustered in that stream though
I hope it didn't come across too badly
But I was like so out of my element like when I saw the time was an hour until
A sheepsters was up. I was like, oh my god. What have I done? Like, how did I speedrun it? It's like so quickly
Have you got back the tool?
Um, it's still unfortunately very
Cut up. So I've still got a wee bandaid on it. I washed it in the bath
Uh, she got me good. All I'm gonna say is she got me good. Like it was deep
You know, like the side the smaller side part of your tool cuts straight into that
She was really sorry though, but it's fine like stuff happens honestly
And I believe she was new I believe she was new to the establishment. So it's better to
It's better for her to make a mistake on me because like hopefully I'm nice and understanding
And they're like, I wouldn't say anything mean. I was like, oh, you're fine. Like don't worry about it
Um, and like the other women was like translating for her because she didn't speak English
And I was like, it's fine. So I'm kind of glad she made that mistake on me
Rather than someone else who would have been like a Karen basically like I'm not gonna say anything about Australia, but um
I have I have heard some
unique
Conversations occur. I'm not even paying attention to the plot because I'm too busy rambling about my my life. Um
Look forward to the seat stream. Anyway
Who slashed your toe the lady that was doing my pedicure?
Uh, oh god, I'm not like paying attention to the plot. Oh, right. We've just handed over the dragon stone
He's gonna translate it or something and then they're gonna know that's uh
The things are back. Uh, this is a map of Skyrim. It's very big. We're in white run right now
Um, we're actually gonna take a horse and carriage and go to rift in because I want to do the thieves guild quest. Yippee
It's my favorite quest
um
But yes, so that's the Skyrim
town that's the sky. Hey, sorry, that's an uh
Stormcork town stormcork
Is winterhold stormcork?
Solitude is the medium at the legion. It's not
Hey, ho
Stroney here with my weekday donation telling you I'm off to work
I'll catch you at the other end once I'm off
Okay, enjoy your legendary mode conquest. Thank you so much. Yes
monetization
Excited to see some of it. Yeah. Thank you so much for the tip. Please enjoy work tiny spiny or tiny spinning
One of the other
Okay, we're listening to plot. Okay
Um, but yes, legendary mode conquest. Thank you. Thank you. Uh, yeah
I think maybe we'll do just one big endurance Skyrim stream and then tomorrow we'll do monetization
Because since we're not really getting achievements is not really
Too much need your help again. What do you need my help with?
Oh, yes, sorry, I completely forgot we're about to go get our dragon power
In order to be the dragon born and utilize our powers. We have to perish dragons
So we're about to get our first shout power winterhold is the stormcork capital. Yeah
The best question. Yeah, we're going to do the thieves guild. We're also going to bring the thieves guild back to its glory
But i'm going to need your guys's help for the tally. Um, you can just run ahead of arolith
Um, it's not necessary to hang about
Shawnee has the wrong kind of tism to pay attention to multiple things. That was yeah, I can't do that
I can like hyper
This is they call it hyper focus. I don't think it's even hyper focus. I'm not focused at all. I'm just having a really good time
Um, but yeah, I'm very lucky that I don't experience like burnout or anything. I'm like, yeah, I can't really
Oh, sorry. Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that you're having such a tough time. Oh, yeah
um
All right, hold on. I'm gonna unlock this little windmill as a landmarker when you
Papaga farm as terrible
When you discover a landmark you can fast travel to it which gets you
Around a lot faster
um
Did you know that with frostbills you can make dragons land? I did not know that I always use that shout
Um to get them to land. Oh, it's so pretty. Look at the butterfly
Oh my god catch the butterfly rip its wings off for alchemy
yes
Oh
Okay, now we need to wait for the game to hurry up with the mpc. So we're just gonna wait an hour
Oh, there we go. Boom. Just like that
No burnout. Look at you
I just don't experience it. I like I've never experienced that. I've never had issues with that. I don't feel it like
I can feel tired like I can be like, oh, I need to go get some like tea and some food
And then we'll play like for a couple of more hours. I can do that. No problem. Like at all
I think the only time I feel I just feel frustrated that I don't have more time
Like when I was doing all the ASMR collabs like writing all the scripts back to back
Um, actually I knew girl, uh, I reached out to a new girl and I was like, hey, you want to do ASMR
And she was like, I want to do some more and she's like, I know a lot about you and I was like, oh, that's embarrassing
Um, but if you know a lot about me, then you know how easy this collab is gonna be because I'll do all the work
Um, but like I don't mind doing all the work if anyone's lurking. Uh, I don't mind doing the work. I actually prefer it
Um, because it makes things a lot easier
And make every arrow count
I used to not experience burnout playing games, but now I do which is a shame
No, so if you can't play video games, that's like life burnout
Like if you would rather watch someone else play video games than like play it yourself
Live streaming doesn't count because you're you're being tortured to watch me play Skyrim via
My controller where the heck is this dragon? Is he on the floor? Oh, it is
Okay
Oh, let's spank his butt
Ah
Whoa, it's actually kind of hurt me a little bit. No, you're stinking. You're so stinking
Um
See they've been on top. Hey stamina bar is greet out only HP
What's the way? Oh, it's landed again
Oh, you're hurting me
Stop it. You're hurting me. Oh look at that two hand is 32. I should probably level that up
Hey, we are gonna pick up the dragon bones. These are like why on earth? Oh, he must eat a weight ring guard
um
No
So now this is where the NPCs get really weird around you. I don't know what he's fighting right now
He's locked on something a mud crab. Maybe nearby. There's mud crabs over that way
Today I learned from a scottish cut of fish. I may have burned out. Yes. So if you'd rather
Um, if you would rather
Um
Wow
Where that where the heck I think he's supposed to come up to me. Is it you?
I'm glad you're on outside
Uh normally an NPC walks up to you and goes oh my god, you are the dragonborn in a really poor like swedish accent
Uh
What type of two hand are we specializing in hammer axe sword those there's
Aren't those one handed
I'm just gonna pick up with the apocrity
Apocrity something like that
Did he die? I guess they may have perished
Yeah, I've been uninspired by the games to play recently. So I prefer watching others play. Yes. I think that is a symptom of burnout because of
Oh
I think the gray beards have summoned us
Oh, it's khaji
We're the good boy. Hey, push push push. Do you seek to make a purchase?
Uh, uh, what have you got for sale? I'm gonna just sell some of my stuff that I don't want
Uh, I'm gonna break that break it down now
I'm gonna break all this stuff down. It's just so we're not too heavy. Yeah, I can break those down
Take rid of that. We did that. We're gonna break it down
I've got a brook pass and a Nord mead
Resurrect and restore my energy. Would I do amber? I'll just sell that. I don't really know
Oh, I definitely want to sell this
I like how my speech gets better just selling stuff in general like
You always want to hold on to soul gems. Uh, they're very important
May the road lead to oh, that's why I always say safe travels land strider because of this game
I think it's really cute. Just safe travels land strider
khaji roleplay stream
Uh
I actually don't know how to purr. You know how some v-tubers can purr like
Uh, I can't do it. I can only roll my r by the pope
Even the graybeards screaming your name strani you absolute sexy player
Thank you for the tip. Sorry. Yeah, or sorry. Yeah
I think they're y'all
ebw
Tajita's wearers if you have coin
I told you you're not alone. We're not causing trouble. Uh, so they're looking for
Uh, someone but we're not doing that quest right now because we're trying to zoom past this so we can go and do
the
Main quest of the dragonborn
I'm wearing a hat with badass horns
I'm the dover king known globally. You're nobody at all
He was so english in those songs for no reason
I'm just kidding. It is his accent. He's allowed to have an accent
If it's gosh, I'm dover king known globally. You're nobody at all. Like it. Yeah
I think the english rapping accent is a bit better than the scots
Was the dragon there
Uh, the watch tower was destroyed, but we killed the dragon. Let's just skip a few dialogue and say it turns out
I might be dragonborn
What do you know about the dragonborn?
Hmm when the dragon died, I absorbed some kind of power
The vampire DLC, I don't even think I saw that one the graybeards
Okay, okay, okay, we get a blah blah blah blah wait
Why does it say I need to keep? Oh, I need to keep talking to him. You've done a great service for me
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Yes, please gift me axe of white run
Oh, I'm stain of the sick
I am so sorry for creating a mess. That was a misfire. It was a misinput misinput
Please don't fight me. I didn't mean to do that. I was the wrong the wrong button there
Axe of white on target dies within three second fills the soul gem
That's perfect because it's exactly the enchantment we want
Hey, we're gonna break it down now
Just breaking down everything
Um, and we're gonna see if we can enchant our Nordic battle axe
Although I even have soul gem. I have the world's weakest soul gem
I'm gonna have to refill it so much if I end up using it
Uh
Uh, this is the best I can do
Ah freaking mistake
Uh, we're just gonna oh we're completely out of soul gems anyway
Women yells it. I'm sorry. It was a misinput. It was a misinput. I'm so sorry. Look, I'm the I'm the thane
Anyway, I'm the I'm a thane
Oh Lydia, do you want to come with us so you can be filled with dragon bones?
Yarl has appointed me to be your house. Follow me. I need you. Oh my god. Wait. If I got Lydia's face
Am I going crazy or do I have Lydia's face?
Wait a minute. Did I accidentally recreate Lydia?
Wait, take take that helmet off right now
I think I may have accidentally recreated Lydia. Oh
No
I'm I'm such a Lydia fan boy. I recreated her as myself
Oh my god, we even have the same nose and lips and everything
That is hilarious. I'm so sorry Lydia. I'm just such a I must have like subconsciously made her
This that shoutings making people nervous on it till winning Lydia cuttles for real for real
Right. We now need to go all the way up this mount. Well, we need to go to Rorik's stead
I versus it. Oh my god. I'm such a fake gamer. Honestly. I don't even know why you guys listen to me half the time
Uh, Tony's copied my whole flow word for word bar for bar. It's a highland coup
Excuse me little gait. Let me just close that
Let me just close that. Oh, it's the wee highland coup. Look at this. No, uh, whoa. Whoa
Look at your wee horns
Fun, uh, I mentioned this other day actually, uh, I had a relative that owned one and uh, the the they're actually super gentle
Uh, but it made my relative blind in one eye lamal
Because the horn poked his eyeball. Um, that was funny
Uh, but it wasn't even mad at her
It was a female highland coup. I can't even remember what he named there, but honestly, it sounds like the most scottish
No, I don't care about your question. Shut the fuck up. Um,
literally
I honestly must sound so scottish to stream like oh, I have my granddad. Uh used to work in the mines
Had a family that family member that literally owned a highland coup. Like oh my god
I swear like me wonder I was raised in a bar and literally don't have manners. Like I just I never had it from the start
A wee coup, a wee highland coup. My favorite part of a strong stream is our unofficial catchphrase. Did you know?
Oh, did you know?
Did you know?
Uh, right, I think we're gonna manually walk there. There are gonna be wolves ahead
But because we're playing legendary differently and I'm such an MLG pro at this game. Um
It's honestly not problem and we might even see Cicero on the way
It's unlikely we'll meet Cicero on the way there just because he spawns
I find the Cicero spawns more northern west of the map and we are currently going southern east, which is the opposite
Um
Lydia
No, hello. This war is as stupid as our feud with clan gray may need something. No
Oh, oh, she's got a bit of them. Oh, what was that shadow freaking the honeybearing meadery. Uh, yes a bit of a bit of meadery
Oh, wait, will we open a veal or a meadery? Why not?
that seems to be the way of like
um
Content creators when they get in their endgame they like come out with a product. I'm like
I think my endgame would be video games like
Like paying to get them made like what what my my rubbish ideas are
Um, I think that's probably my endgame. Whoa, okay
That was that was a lot going on the screen for one for one. So
That was quite a lot. There is a waystone up ahead. I don't think it's a good one
Haggis and
Neeps and ties
Do you also live in a lone tower up on some hill? Are you?
Wait, oh, no, is this an enemy dog? No, it's a nice dog. Hello. I've been hunting and fishing in these parts for years
I've been hunting and fishing in these parts for years
Are you telling me my lore story is shrek right now? You can buy dragon scale. You've not got the money for it
our
Wah, wah, wah
The other drinks it may or may not contain something
Unique to the girl. I see that skeever on the road. Don't think I can't see you. We are
Oh, so captured that that is the noise. I like to hear honestly
Uh, I believe there's a few skeletons up on this hill, but
Again, nothing we can't handle
Nothing we can't handle at all
Um, as I said, we're gonna do the main quest. We're gonna do the thieves
Um, and then hello, are you you are definitely an enemy? Oh
I do beg your pardon, but it's all the way absolutely nothing around these parts
And another soul capture do you have soul gem?
Spark white cap will destroy those. Oh
Oh
Oh, how dare you
Do you?
Oh, wait, I think that ancient that ancient bow is stronger than what we have for our bow. Um
Right root skeletons scared. Oh scary
Are you squiddling me right by the pope?
I don't like my family history every time I read my family history
I always have to ask myself. Are we the bad guys?
Monka is
Thank you for the tip
Are we the bad news
I think my family history is like really boring
It's just like, yeah
Scottish and Irish
I know that you can do like 23 and me tests to like really see where you come from
But I actually don't uh, I don't
Believe it's safe at all to like willingly hand over your dna like that
Look, I know I'm starting to send like needy streamer overload where we were doing like that god speed run
Where she you know, she got into like all the conspiracy theories and stuff, but it's not really a conspiracy thing
I like maybe I should do a stream like that on ironically
I'll like yeah. Um, wait, what are you attacking? You're not attacking me. Oh, you're not. Okay, that's strange
Uh, this gaily sounded like an oblivion scaly
At least you got a cool accent out of the deal. Yeah
Um, we are just running our way over to mvark said I believe is the town name award you kind of forgot the annunciation
Um
No, I don't think it's safe either to have your dna on fail of a company. Yeah, like
um
I took like ethics class
um
and we were
Discussing like how good like emergent technology is like if you haven't heard about crisper is dna fixing technology
Essentially dna fixing. Um, it's going through a lot of lab studies and trials and all that but it's found very effective against like, um
You know things that were previously incurable essentially or diseases that are
untreatable that kind of thing um and
The technology that can be raised from it
Um to help people is outstanding. However, do we
Do we trust such?
Do we trust your dna sequence to be handled with care or would in theory
Insurance help. I'm sorry. I'm literally hell. Yeah. I'm up for scotland conspiracy theory stream
Thank you so much. Totally not big anger. Um, like I I could definitely get into it, but we were like talking about like
Uh, didn't see one of the interest your companies get caught selling all the data. They said they wouldn't is that yes
uh, not to mention, um
There's like a whole rabbit hole about what data leaks are. Um, because
um
I don't know. I don't know if you guys care, but um, there's actually a whole other conspiracy
Um, that data leaks aren't actually like that. It's kind of more like government demands
Uh to have access, but they already kind of have access to a lot of things
Especially with the technology in the state age
But uh, maybe I shouldn't go too far down the rabbit hole. Don't want to deter anyone. Where the heck am I supposed to go?
I think there's a path ahead. I'll just follow this path. Um,
I thought we were going down the designer baby route. Oh, well that already happened
One of the biggest examples of the designer baby route was victoria beckham's children
You're telling me that brown-eyed lady has a 25 percent of uh, blue-eyed offspring
And she just happened to pop out two blue-eyed children. Uh, no
She did what is called ivf and then the dna tested and checked if the children
And in the egg in the egg. Yes in the egg
Uh, we're able to uh had the recessive blue eyes
Is already being done in this day and age and that was back in 2005 or something crazy. It's one of the biggest public
Things that are right in the faces of people that you wouldn't know about it's already occurring today
This also occurs with the fox p12 gene. I believe I'm so sorry if no one cares about this
But I'll try and get through it really quickly. There's also a gene that's been identified called the fox p12
I believe
Um, and if you have it it means you're actually a lot smarter and able to pick up things a lot easier than someone who is
Without this gene and uh, it's been called into question that ivf babies may also be getting tested for this
So you have a child or offspring that may be a bit smarter than the average
But that's just on me. Okay, uh, I'll just leave it
Leave it there, but there there's a lot. There's a lot
Okay
um
It's really interesting to continue the happen. Yes
So a lot of people think it hasn't already occurred or the first human hasn't been cloned and dolly the first sheep was cloned in
1964 I believe uh the no no no no no
That's when we first were publicly allowed to be learned and to be taught about the cloning
Um, it's already happened long ago
You just don't get to know about it because ethnically it's messed ethnically
Ethically it's messed up and the public shouldn't really be allowed to access this knowledge because well it brings up a lot of questions
Such as if you call in a person
Do they have one soul?
Do they share a soul and then it brings religion into question
If you didn't know religion also helps bring in a lot of order into people's and communities lives
And the rabbit hole goes incredibly deep
But we can't touch on that subject too much because i'm just a vtuber playing skyrim right now
And we're just trying to get to every head so we can talk to the graybeards to learn about our true power as the dragonborn
As we play this game
So yes, please don't mind me
Oh, this is a saber cat after me. My goodness
um
But yes, uh, please
Please let us enjoy skyrim for what it is. Anyway, that's why I don't really start talking about these subjects
because uh
Yeah, it's uh
It's a bit scary. It's a bit scary when you look into it. Yeah, right? Uh, yeah
Gamers for genetically engineered cat girls represent absolutely
I'm 100% there with you the fact that nickel girls aren't real. I used to right. This sounds really bad
I used to actually fantasize about owning a nickel girl. I don't know why I just
I used to fantasize about like treating her really well
And like she would have had a previous owner before me or something, but i'll treat you right baby
I don't know why I gave me like some sort of like superior like saving complex or something
I don't know why but like I just oh I used to fantasize about all of that
Like especially after watching monster monster
mom
Um, I used to like really
Uh, there should be a quest where you deliver something for someone
Is it you?
Get an axe and bring me all the wood you can chop. Oh, okay, right. Sorry, jeez
Um
If this dream doesn't demonstrate that the tism is strong and veal or literally to the box
There's someone that gives you a quest
Okay, we're gonna yet if you talk to this guy you can do a quest for him
Um
There's also a hidden
Thing
If you read all of these on the way up something happens
But I've completely forgotten what happens because I've never done it before because I saw it in a video
And I've forgotten what happened in the video
Uh, right, let's see emblem one before the birth of men the dragons ruled all of
Mondus their words
Their word was the voice and they spoke only for true needs
For the voice could blot out the sky and flood the land
Well four years means more years to tease
Honestly what necopara does to mf for me honestly
Damn strongy the last 10 minutes rumbles deaf and I'm so sorry
Thank you. Hypno mama. Thank you for us dino. I apologize
Just saying cloning has never been perfect
And there has been a growth in mental health as time has gone on
We are all clones of our grandfathers grandmothers, but imperfect to poison the king cool
Thank you. Thario for the tip. I could talk about um, so you know how like the older generations thing is like
Oh the lead paint stair because they'd been exposed to lead so much
um
My freaking biggest thing is that they've known about micro plastics forever
And uh, I actually got proven right. It has been supra. Wait, did I miss an emblem?
No, I didn't hello. How are you?
I did
He's so cold. Yeah, maybe because your arms are out and you have your stomach is out and I can see your nip-nip like of course
You're cold
Right, let's read emblem two. Oh emblem two men were born and spread over the fate. Did I thank those tips?
Thank you for us dino. Thank you. Thario
Yeah, micro plastics are today's lead plane apparently they're in the skin of men
Uh, are I read something about it being in the skin of men?
I don't know if it's true or not or if I got trolled. I believe anything I read
Men are born and spread over the face of mondice the dragons
President over the crawling masses men were weak then and had no voice
There is something about men's skin having micro plastics in it or something to do with their dingle whoppers
Uh, you got you got plastic in your dingle whopper right now. Please be honest
Is it have you have you heard about this? Is this true? Can you confirm you sent me a picture? Use the link marshmallow. Thank you
Average strawny stream. Yep. Yep. Yep. Oh look shiny thing. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep
honestly
Some someone sent me a marshmallow and they were like I know your streams you get really excited
But if I put you on a low enough volume your rambling puts me to sleep because it just goes everywhere
My brain can't keep up. I was like, oh, I'm so glad you like it
Um, there's like as long as I like the note of like as long as I put you down low enough because I get really excited at random stages
Um, actually, I'm just gonna leave my weapon out, you know, but look how badass we look
Oh, actually, we're gonna get nicer armor soon because this armor is
Is leilig young
Uh, like your mother your mother leilig. Yeah
I'll should leave
Okay, please be emblem three so I haven't missed anything
Uh, I don't know how to give nothing
Emblem three the fledging spirit of men were strong in old times unafraid to war with
Unafraid to war with dragons and their voice, but the dragons only shouted them down and broke their hearts
Random Netherlands, uh, yeah
Thank you. Well, thank you. Well, we're listening to my random Dutch
If I recall correctly all the men they tested had micro plastic in their
Yeah, so my my biggest thing I'm on right now is that they knew about micro plastics years ago
And oh in the name of capitalistic profits, uh, they let us all get poisoned
But that's just me. Anyway, if anyone's wondering why I really like need to shoot my overload and that one particular, uh, achievement
Uh, that one particular route you could take. Hmm. I wonder why
Uh, we um
I uh came across a documentary where the woman actually submitted because she did find it and she got laughed out at the company
and
Yeah, I was like 20 years ago, but it's been known for it's been known from the start. So it's very cruel
She cares about our balls. Yes, please if you are a man listen to me right now
I cut oh wait, hold on
I command you to eat tomatoes. I'm not being funny. Tomatoes are the best thing you can do for your boss
Thank you for listening to my rant. Uh
I'm so serious
Oh, someone's mad. What are you doing walking the steps?
Meditating on the emblems
I make this trip every few have I turned off the thing. Wait, why apparently?
Tomatoes are the best thing to help your
Ball health. I don't know why just tomatoes are really good for you. You can have it on a pizza
I do not care. You can have tomato sauce on whatever food group you're eating. Uh, you can
have
Um, ravioli tomato sauce like tomato made up sauce that kind of thing, but tomatoes are yucky. Oh, I'm trying to give options
um
You can have a chicken parma that has tomato sauce on it. You can have
Um, sun roasted tomatoes, maybe if you like to do thingy in the oven
Uh, so tomatoes to help the health pineapples to help the taste. Thank you. I'll be here all week ladies and gentlemen
Okay, then to the one lady watching right now
Um, sorry
Kane called on parthax who pitted pitied man together
They taught men to use the voice then dragon war rage dragon against tongue
Very good. Thanks bulldog
I love all veggies, but man, I hate sprouts
Very bitter. I got to eat buck choy for the first time
It's so tasteless. I don't understand how it can be someone's favorite veggie. There's no flavor. It's bitter
It's a bitter. Uh, there is a yeti up ahead
So just be advised if you're you jump scare easily you'll actually see him look there is
Should we snipe him?
Oh, well, he's found me now. Hasn't he? I messed that one up didn't I?
All right, jump down jump down
Jump into my weapon drain
Okay, I was a bit early on the swing. I was a bit early. It's okay. Better. Where are you?
Oh
Oh, yeah
Oh, yeah piss. Oh, yeah piss. Oh, yeah piss. Oh, yeah piss. Right. We're just gonna run away. Oh, yeah
Uh, we are playing legendary mode, which is the reason why we need to get move on
But we need to read the emblem first
Man prevailed shouting Alduin out of the world
Providing for all that their voice too was strong although their sacrifice were many fold. Oh, yes
Oh, I do love the lore. Oh, he's swinging for me. He's swinging
Oh, he's so strong and of course he has long arms just to really
Emphasize how much I despise the design of long armed enemies
They knew
Can I push him back?
Go away
Oh, it's out of range. Right. Where's the emblem emblem emblem emblem? This looks like an emblem emblem emblem
What's this
emblem six
The roaring tongues the sky children conquer
Bounding the first empire with sword and voice whilst the dragons withdrew from this world
Am I still getting can I hide from him?
Can he still see me? No
Is he coded to come all the way this way? I forget the sky room's like pretty sandboxed. So I think he can come all this way
Can he come?
Is he still coming?
I'm like I'm like hiding behind this pillar. Is he there?
It's okay. It's okay
Level up it gives full health. Oh, I forgot about that
You guys should be playing I should be watching you guys play
Should I do a stream like that where I commentate over your guys's gameplay on stuff?
Like you just submit like a five minute clip and I'll be like, oh, yeah get it
Yeah, yeah, yeah
I just like trying to commentate and I'll be like, oh, yeah, you've messed. Oh, you're fucked up. You're dead. You're dead
You need to restart you and go again
Can he what he definitely still coming
That would actually be really fun. So it's like a fun idea. Yeah
Here is lush rain
Hello, hello Talos medica
emblem
Nine have I missed one
For years all silent the gray bird spoke one name
I said that's so weird
Tiber septum
strip
Strip playing them was summoned to her earthguard
They blessed and named him dovican. I think I forgot the freaking thing. I'm not gonna lie
Hey, let's go
Yes endurance today, we're just mucking about on skyrim and playing the main quest. Thank you
Morgan shout out to the one the one lurker the one fem female
Actually, I should say I was gonna show my youtube stats so you guys can see everything
Because I think it's really interesting like looking at stats and stuff. I don't know. I just
Oh, wait, I'm to put I'm to put something in here
What am I to put in here? I forgot is it fish? I think I'm gonna put fish in here
Uh, did I not take that miscellaneous quest?
Yeah, what are the supplies? Is it like a miscellaneous?
Oh
Hey, we're so good the soul female and she has now gone back to work
Miss
Female viewers 0 to 10 or 10 30 percent
Oh less than 10 percent
uh, I will never like kind of
some
Streamers get a bit hung up on like oh look at my female viewer ratio type thing and I'm like if you're a chick that can hang out
Then you're a chick that can hang out, you know, but I do understand and I will never not ever
unacknowledged this like I create my content for guys
Uh at the helm, um, you know, I say he when I'm making a little script and all that thing
And I don't see any issue with it some I've definitely seen some streamers like very boastful
Like oh check me out. I've got I've got this percentage in gender and it was like whoever's hanging out is hanging out
But I will acknowledge yes
I alienate uh chicks because I often do you know, he him and we've all got tentacles
Um, you know, I don't really address the clam that much, but you know, you're welcome to
Uh, that's terrible. That's absolutely awful. That's why there's only one girl that watches me. Um, what am I supposed to do?
I'm supposed to shout the old man. I remember
Well, I'm glad you like it. Literally, it does not bother me one bit. I have definitely seen a bit of an emergence
Um, not so often but a few twitter posts here and there being like check out my
View percentage and I'm like whoever wants to hang out more than welcome to hang out and I'll admit off the bat
Yes, I I can't alienate chicks because we see technical
In this house and that's fine. Like it's not it's not a problem
We're all reeflings no matter what yes, please hydrate my goodness. How oh my god. It's already been two hours. We've not even done anything
We can show you the way
Show me the way I'm ready to learn
You have an unborn gift
Clamsicles don't have the same ring to if your demographic is 99% men and you're gonna address that he
Yeah, that elusive female
She's way to work now. Last year's way to work. We'll celebrate her return after work. Hey, you work. She's so far
How's it going? How was the show?
Stony do you like knives? Uh, like see his gold care pack
Me who's not paying attention to the poor i'm about to learn the second
Word row so foos row and then we'll go grab that in a minute. Okay
How is oh she oh she does is getting we must find our queen
The shifling fellow gunner
Foos row
You have the gift of inbred
What
Time flies when playing what are your favorite games? Yeah, wait, what give me give me the word
I should be spawning on the floor
Give me the word
This okay, this happened on xbox as well where he takes like a full business day to give you the damn word
She be is live. Okay, if you would like to watch she be caught in bum play
I actually don't know
I did talk to him
He's currently giving me the power of the word but the word ain't spawning
Above voice
Very few but in your case dragon
Learning the power oh for goodness sake are we bugged out already
Todd
Congrats if your name's Todd by the way, but Todd my goodness
Todd
Wow
Finally got it
It just works. Yeah. Yeah, I bet it does Todd
Todd it's Todd short for something
Toddler no
That's not the full name. What's Todd short for?
Teddy
Theodore
Toddy Todbert, okay
Howard no, that's probably to dotha see what Todd Howard Theodore
Theodore, I don't know. I'm just like what short what shorthand for toward Todd Toddery
Toddler Howard theodore
Okay totals
Row row give me row row row your boat gently turn the stream medley medley medley medley hope it's like a dream
Todd is short for Todd Ali foolish shite
What where did that come from right demonstrate your unrelenting shout
Is it this way open skyrim
Toddster the Todd meister Todd room wait. I've gone the wrong way. I wish you wouldn't do that
All right, I'm supposed to do on this. Okay. Let's not hit the
Game I thought it was a little easier on PC, but I guess the PC and the Xbox bugs are the exact freaking same
It just works in fact it does not actually work at all
Oh the poor basket is going everywhere
This poor old man are gonna have to pick them up because I'm being naughty and shouting all over the place
It's short for Todd's vision
It just
It's weird not hearing the fistful da part the da
It's just sounds like a dog barking
Ah
What now what now what now did I go see parthas yet? Let me see parthas. Let me see parthas
We will perform your next
Master body
Ori Glein
Oh my god, I can't believe it never been this far away from home. Oh my god. I can't believe
Never been this far away from home
Hey, you do have to wait for the NPCs to go through the door because if you go through the door first for some reason
They don't show up on the other side unless you want to wait
But we need to assist the man through the door. They're there. There you go into the yep into the court
You're up right despawned right. I'm happy with that. I definitely confirmed a despawn
I like to
Shout it shout it. I like to shout it shout it. I like to shout it
No
Todd is meant to be the name for the president of the cheese club who is so fooled himself
He thinks starfield is a good game worth a what is going on with starfield
I saw a clip of someone taking someone's ship and someone was like they just stole his in real life money or something
Because he took a ship that was in game
I don't know what's going on with starcraft citizens
But I hope you guys are doing okay out there because I don't I don't
Nothing
Right, okay, we're all wins. Oh, sorry. Sorry. I was a bit. I was a bit excited to do that one. I apologize
I was a wee bit excited, right? Oh
You can't change shout. We'll shout it
Oh, I don't have a soul yet
Wrong game. Oh wait. Oh star citizen and starfield are different eeps
The one where it's been in production for like 12 billion years
Not to be dramatic, but 12 billion years is how long it's been
Are you ready you want to see how fast I am I am speed
Come on. Come on, baby. Come on, baby
One world one spring
Oh, sorry wrong one. Oh wait, I wasn't supposed to do that with them
Uh, wait, hold on I need to recharge my shower lydia, please a little to the right lydia lydia
I'm looking to the right doll face
Like I know you're a bit daft in the head. That's why you're uh cell sword
I just I just head bomb talk about an upgrade to the Glasgow kiss. Oh my goodness
Don't
Not my premature first
One minute 56 beat that I bet you can't
I thought it was easy for everyone
Oh my gosh, you see that's why it's just someone legendary
Right now what
Now what
What the heck is it the horn one? I think it may be the horn one. You know that
Hold on let me check that is retrieved the horn
Now we can ignore that and go and do the thieves guild which is much more exciting in my humble opinion
So let's go all the way doing this hell and we'll finish this little miscellaneous and then we'll go to the thieves guild
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
I get so annoyed with these guys because they always end up killing NPCs
You need to drag the cultists out of any environment because they always kill NPCs
And you can't resurrect the freaking thing. So you need to wait until they come and attack you
Get ready
Prepare yourself
There's so annoying
You're no one they call dragonborn
Yeah, the great beards. Yes, I am your lies fall on deaf ears deceiver
The true dragonborn comes you are but he's shadow. You are but he's shadow
All shall bear witness. I shall stand to oppose him
Right, right Lydia Lydia
Please do not kill any of the guards. I'm gonna be so annoyed
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah perish
super
Okay, Lydia got smacked up, but she's okay. That's good
We'll take that. Oh, well, what do you can add destroy? Oh, I can destroy these for a level up
Oh, I'll take that. I'll take that. Oh, look at that. I'll take that
Yes, I um dragonborn actually funny you mentioned that in passing. Yeah, I'm actually the dragonborn the one you
You're the hey. Yeah, we got the DLCs too. Whoa
I don't want to
What time is it? Oh wake up
Wake up. Oh my that actually really hurt my hands. I don't know if you heard me
Smack my bone on the table to try and make that noise
Is this a fresh run it is we're just gonna be doing the best quests
Which is the main quest and thieves guild and then because I completely
Messed it up like a dum-dum-dummy-dum-dum-dum
Ah, good to see you. I delivered the supplies. Wasn't it? It was anyway much appreciated
Here take this for your troubles. Thank you
Uh, oh, I got 500 coin. Honestly, that's decent. We're gonna pick up ninroot because I'm pretty sure there's a ninroot quest at a later date
Uh, right. We're gonna check the map
Uh, and we're gonna go directly east
Because that is where
DLC 2
Oh my god cute fragile girl, bro
I could hardly open those freaking cans of fizzy juice yesterday
I was actually getting embarrassed and then I couldn't even open up the kisses either
I was like freaking straining for my life. Thankfully my my sweaty hands came in clutch when it came to the crisps
Uh, oh, excuse me. Just going for a swim casually. I'm
Uh, 500 quid is like literally so good honestly. That's like such a big booster start in the game
Uh, right
Redmond's hall. I don't like the sound of that
Hey, we are just gonna try and discover the landmarks on the way. Oh wait, we can can we just use our
Okay, we can just use our ultimate to get a bit faster
The cultist are from myriac still see
I don't like that one. We can maybe do vampire quest lane as well
Vampire thieves guild and main quests where the storm cloaks win in the end. Yes, please
I think I will be very satisfied with their Skyrim adventures doing that
I'm clear cut and we're not kind of
Stuck on the hill. Come on. There we go. Uh
That definitely because
They're freaking actually that's another thing. Uh, Todd. Why make
Serena in the first place if I can't marry her like I'm not being funny, but probably one of the best characters
Please leave me alone. I don't want any trouble. Okay. I'm just passing through
um
But there's done their amazing side quest honestly
You should always pick ninroot. It's the only plant that is limited in the game. Oh
Are you gonna do the assassin guys quest the dark brotherhood? Actually, I really enjoy the dark brotherhood. We might end up doing that as well
Was it sweet mother sweet mother send your child unto me for the sins of the unworthy must be baptized in blood and fear
I remember watching that for the first time
And just being blown away like I loved everything about uh
I'm going to such a such an edgy little child such an edgy little beast
um
Todd didn't want players to have too much fun and they couldn't keep buying the new versions of Skyrim honestly
Uh, there is a forest ahead. I think after the forest is uh, oh look at the rabbit. Goodbye
Oh, I made a noise. I actually feel bad now. I'm not doing that again
If it didn't make a noise, I'd be all right. But because it made a noise. I actually generally feel really bad
Just a bit
You know that vampire woman sara. I think that's her name. She can become human serena
Why am I so high up? Where am I?
Oh, I'm on the freaking outskirts of the map rifting here, right? That'll be why I can't go any higher
But I can go higher. Why can I go higher?
Right
What?
Wait, there's a pair. Oh, that's Lydia
I was like, why is there NPCs like all the way up here? Where are they?
What why is this wait? There's like a genuinely a path here though
I'm looking crazy. Have I even been here before?
Whoa, okay, we've got hunters. That's fine. Oh, there's a dragon thing up ahead
There's like way more south side. It looks like the end. Good hunt
Oh
I'm in a trance right now. I'm so sorry
Where am I genuinely what?
Oh
Don't do that
Oh, there's rifting. Okay. I was getting so confused. I've literally just came the most difficult way possible
I was getting so confused. I'm like, I could have sworn rifting was east southeast
I literally isn't I can't believe I just did that. I almost just flew myself off that
Oh, this is the scooma then. Oh, I love this quest so much
Okay
Again book is worth 50. So we got a level up. Uh, she be cotton bum is live right now
If you're sick of Todd Howard winning again
Uh, yeah, okay, dummy
That is an elk. No, it's a wool
Oh
Gone the most difficult way yet. It's literally the horse is currently
um
Vertical on the mountainside type of pathing because that I couldn't have made it any worse if I tried
Trying to do some scooma. Oh my god, would you do scooma with me at the next convention?
Have the next feature reconvention list of scooma. I don't even know what it's supposed to do or mimic
I guess supposed to maybe mimic um barrel bine
um
Yeah, because everyone seems zonked out barrel bine makes you very, um
Sedated in nature. We're
Right rifting
There's a wolf below me again
I'm just decimating the wolf population. Honestly skyrim's just scotland before they eradicated the world
She can't convince me otherwise like right. I'm pretty sure
If we discover. Yeah, this is the first, um thieves thing
Farted and almost dies from fall damage 10 out of 10 far
Actually, I haven't been in chibi stream. I'm a go over there for the first time. Yeah, give it give my gen mates a shout
A shout give them a shot. Um, they're absolutely fantastic in their own special way. Um, if you like burps
she bees your gal
um
I feel like variety little sisters emmies you gal
If you like adorable brats, uh, that'll call you an old man and tease you and you can tease her back
Aces you gal
Uh, if you want to be babied as well as your gal
Uh, and if you want to be uh, I don't know. What would mercy's if you want to be?
Uh
If you want a jealous experience
watch mercy
and then
I think someone described me as like the neighbor from next door that doesn't mind you
placing your hand
On a round object
And I was like honestly. Yeah, that's pretty good pretty good, uh description
Yes, there's she be live if you'd like to have a have a chicken. I don't know what game she's playing
Senpai to yander. Yeah, Azura called her
Bing Bongs. Oh
Like hbh bros are getting looked after I saw him saying
She be is talking. Yes, you get
Before I let you in to rift. Yeah. Yeah visitors tax. How about we do a little persuasion
For the privilege of entering the city. This is obviously a shake down
Keep your boys down my speeches 22. I don't know about you
My speeches
I had another there she is. This is the person I normally wife
But then again, I've become the head of the thieves guild and she absolutely despises it
You're not from rifting
My travels have taken me from high
Morrowind at all points in between. Why are you here then many years ago? I lost my you and I I see
Grimm's weeper so with
um
Oh, this guy shakes his down as well
Looking for trouble. Um, I'm I'm just passing. I'm not scared of you
That's the wrong answer
Last thing the black briars need around here is some troublemaker trying to steal a piece of the action
Who are the black briars have ripped it in their pocket and the thieves guild watching their back
So keep your nose out of their business. Why are you telling me all this for free?
I'm maul. I watch the streets for them if you need dirt on anything. I'm your guy, but it'll cost you
You're just begging for a pagan aren't you? I'm sorry. I don't know why I said that and then you're stupider
My persuasion check failed
eat
Eat
I'm really getting tired of your excuses. Yeah, like everyone
Uh, it's like, okay. This is the start
But everyone wants to talk to you at once when you enter rift and I have to admit
It's a bit of a sensory bit of a cheeky sensory overload entering in your city in skyrim. Everyone wants to talk to you
Right, uh, how could you possibly know that that I'm a thief the way they want
Right, I'm going to tell you something you should absolutely not do
Maybe you'd like a taste the game is going to ask you to plan a ring on this person
And it locks him up in jail and removes
Um, a cellar from rifting don't do it
Don't do it. Okay
If you do it, it removes him as a cellar and it's like another 800 coins
You can't get from selling stuff these symbols you see around the city. Um, these are thieves guild symbols
You'll see them everywhere
It means this place has been marked or there's something of value inside like you'll see the symbols everywhere
Um, you always want to fail this quest. It doesn't matter if you feel that you still get to become a part of the thieves guild
and
Oh, he's not started his dialogue clearly because uh, that should have done it
Why am I being told to join the rebellion? I didn't do anything. Oh come on. Hurry up
Oh freaking the sake I have to let the dialogue actually run out. Um
Hello, you're having some problems with that thieves guild person. What do you want? What kind of trouble are you in?
Tell me the details
I hate that you can't just skip the initial quest honestly. No, no, I'm a murderer who will not think big difference, mate
Shawnee is the whole package replaying. What?
I'll help you pay off your debt. Oh, thank you speak to sapphire about shaders debt
A voice in your head told you that there's so many sellers in rifting
There are but if you want quick access oh for goodness sake bring y'all wrap it up, buddy
Like this is getting it. They just make
That was
I am Lydia
The right hand of the thing of white run
Oh come on me just fail it so we can start the thieves quest
He's a jeweler too. Yeah, definitely especially when you level up your um speech
You can sell to like anyone which is so good
Time to go night night have fun in skyrim rest well see you in the morning when you wake up
We're not even started the thieves quest. Come on. I'll discover this building because I've not discovered it
Oh come on fail it. Okay. That looks like I failed it surely
You
Not the coughing is anyone even doing anything bring y'all
No one is talking or interacting when I'm done here. I'd be more than happy to sell you an elixir
You must be all right if you've got time to come I haven't brought on xbox. It's not this broken
Just what you see here what's he got for sale? He's got 700 coins so we can actually empty our inventory with him a little bit
I don't want to get too heavy
Uh, we don't really need any of that
Just uh get rid of it all why not? Oh, who's burping who goes there identify yourself?
Okay, I don't think I can destroy a staff. Oh my god this come on
Good old scum
Right if he's not gonna let me fail that I'll move on to um
Austin grave a bit of Austin gravey
In the micro wavy
Did he purchase dragon skills from you? Yeah, he did
You can pretty much convince him to do whatever
especially um one of the speech perks is
actually
having
Uh being able to sell at any point
Shawnee you have her boar swords in her shields and you have my clock
Oh Ninroo I hear it
There's a question say uh black reach
Which is um, I just realized this giant can fly me halfway across the map. So it should probably be a bit more careful
Um, hey, how's Shawnee going chilling in my family's loving room watching lol. It's going good. Um, we're just trying to fail the thieves guild quest
So we are purposely is there a mall in my room? Hold on. I'm about to scream
Is there a mall? I'm not being pranked. I think my eyeballs are pranking me. Okay. I think I'm okay
Okay, I'm okay. I'm safe. Um
What was I saying?
um, we're just going to
Continue the dragonborn quest line at the moment because we are trying to freaking get the
Uh
Why are you attacking me? I didn't do anything
Well, you started it. I'm me. Um, I'ma end it
I love how fast like they fall back
So, no, no, don't don't try and escape. You started it
You uh, right. I'm not actually needing to fight here. We'll just go skip ahead
It said it's already failed wait because I moved away
You stinking game you honestly, right we'll do the thief skill thing
Uh, wait, it doesn't even
You can't fast travel while there's oh, you know what this game's such a troll sometimes
Can I like hate from them can they even see me
Come on, I'm gonna end up activating a mud crab and then I won't be able to like fly away
Oh
Look they shouldn't bow now is that me from here. It's quite the distance
So and he's like bobby bee
Caving in our man's breastplate with a single swing of the hammer
Uh, yeah
There's bobby bee bobby bee
bobby bee
Um to save time you're best going to the Mesterville
Crip keep
Just to save a few precious where the heck why right take everything else off. We're doing this quest only
Bring you off. I literally had to teleport away and didn't be annoyed. Just how long did you expect me to keep those people distracted?
Why are you going in here?
You don't
He doesn't live in here
Um, maybe we get some food and a cup of tea shortly
Taking if you're up to the challenge. I've actually had no water. I've not even finished my first thing. All right, then
Let's put that to the test
The group I represent has its home in the ratway beneath Riftwood the tavern called the ragged flag
Get there in one piece and we'll see if you've really got we've finally started the quest
Uh
We'll go down to the flag and and then we'll take a quick pause so I can
Peep and make some food
Guess what I've got lasagna. That's right. I can cook
When I when I have like really short streams. I get so much done
Hey, there are enemies, but they're really not that bad
It's a shame you even have I see use
Stop using a sword. That's a shield. That's cheating
You such cheater me cheater
Uh, I think no wait leave it out. There's skewers
You can cook honestly, I know it probably sounds like I can't I normally just trap this to do the skewer
Oh, I let myself on fire with a gun
Whoa, that was supposed to deal with a rat, but I guess not
Uh, there is a guy with fisticuffs in here
Peeler
How dare you? All right, I'll destroy those so we can get um
That's an alchemy table
Oh
I keep doing that. I've got them on the wrong way that I used to have them
I'm just gonna eat a lot of stuff. Don't mind me
Okay, there we go
I just need a test and see what it does
Just a random sword. There's nothing special about the sword. I'm not really sure what's that. Whoa
Someone there
Ah
I remember those guys being so tough and legendary. I don't know how you beat them so well. Look, it's okay to admit
It's okay. Just I'm just so mlg pro
Just eat 50 lb's of food to regain your HP literally right where the ragged full on again. He had
Ragged on his fun again. That's the best I got
Those days are over
Well, well look at the fit
I wasn't certain whenever you guys call me last. This is who I hear in my head when you're like, yes last
Getting here was easy
Reliable and headstrong
You're turning out to be quite the prize. So I'm a prize. Now that I've whetted your appetite
Refilling your price
About handling a few dead beats for me
Dead beat our organization some Syrian. I want you to explain sounds good
Do this, right? So we're basically going on a beat them up quest
I don't good
We're literally going to go beat them up for thingy. Um
We can get back faster at least but we don't have access to the the secret ending yet
Stop you're the prize. No you
If we're the prize, how come we're the ones who won you you won me like that state wait
I'm going crazy. Have I ever been here before?
Hold on oh my god, you're cheese in it. Yes, I'm cheese in it
Maybe sensitive
Ah
What is this
What am I going wait? Oh, it's the drop down
Goodness goodness sake. I've never actually opened that door in my life
The drop down. Why was that? Why would there even be a gun? Oh
Oh
You can speed run this area by unlocking that gate and going that way
Oh my god, I'm learning
What do you mean playing the same game over and over again yields you different results
My fine water skills like an elephant
Be nice to my
None right. We're going to go beat up some random citizens. It's not very nice, but
It is what it is
Come on, baby
Right, we're going to be up the the owner of this. How's that? How'd you beat him up at level one? It's a legendary, uh approach
Here for a room. I've already told that before that. I'm not paying you people
Look around you. I'm barely keeping this rat hole together the worst thing to that
I
Don't say I didn't warn you
I like how she's so game like she's actually so game to beat each other up
Take this
We just beat up a woman in her own established friend
Yeah, so you did have the payment
Don't make don't make me come back for that payment. You hear me?
Yeah, you understand
You dumb dumb wait this business here
She hates you after this damn right. She does
I'm part of the thieves guilt
Hey you have a message from bring you off
What do you mean you people
Don't even bother to show up yourself anymore. What's the message simple you didn't pay me and bad things happen
Petty threats and fist waving are not going to sway me
Are you squid me right now?
Good girl
Brian, why would you say that?
Iron beeper thanks for the tip. Why good guy didn't do anything. We can protect ourselves
Trust me
Don't fool you
It's only a matter of time before you people run out of your people. No, that's it. I'm going to make you sorry for this
Oh, yeah, come on
Oh, yeah
Hello a good friend of
I knew you
Fuck it. How did you heal? That's she in only I'm allowed to heal
If you punch them again when they're down they do get aggressive
Yeah, that's right. That's right. Don't don't
Don't ever not pay the thieves killed again. Open your mouth right now
You will pay the thieves killed what they're owed
Oh, look. Oh my gosh. We can buy this house and there's flowers outside the house
Reflings, this is our house
It's no we don't own it yet, but this is our house. Reflings
There's gonna be a big flower patch over here and a big garden and then look how big and lovely our house is
We get to buy it soon. I think it's called the Beezer's home or something like that
But we'll buy it very shortly. Okay. We just need the yorls
It's you craze. Please don't hurt me. I have a message to bring off himself. I know who you are
You've been terrorizing the entire city. Yeah, please. There's no need for that here message understood
Here. I even have the payment
That's right. Good girl. You just hand that money over nice and tidy. No one else needs to get hurt
But strongy we're already home. Oh the mansion by the lake is better the one that you built yourself
Ma'am, are you leaving us in a town full of beggars and thieves? But we're a part of the thieves guild. They're all on our side
Listen lass if you want to be a part of the thief skills, you need to learn how to cheese it
Thank you razz razz nuts
Razz nuts. Look, I'm not here to judge anyone's gamer tag because you know, I'm sitting here with strongy cuttles
razz nuts
Razz nuts. I'm gonna like raise these nuts in your mouth. Thank you. I'll be here all week
There's your new gamer tag if you need new ones. Thank you for the tip
Uh
There's uh, my tummy's rumbling. Oh, no, hopefully you can't hear over the ambience of the game
So job's done and you even brought the gold. I did you did it clean. I like that
I did it clean keeping the guards you can kill people from
Yeah, I don't I don't think I don't think we should kill be killing people. That's not really protection if they're dead
Here you go. I think you'll find these quite useful
strongy the sound effects. Wait, what about the sound effects?
What sound effects turn it up turn what up?
Judging from how well you've handled those shots
Wait, what what? Oh, oh, um
Razz nuts more like raise these nuts in your mouth
Oh, okay, sorry
We've run into
Sorry, it took me so long to get I was like, what did I just say?
Oh, we're getting introduced. Oh, my tummy's rumbling. Oh, but we're getting introduced to the steve's guild farm
Started loud and clear. Oh, yeah
Well, you should have been your first we can talk a bit later
Okay, maybe we'll just these girls and then we'll do dark brotherhood because actually really take dark brotherhood
And then we'll do vampire
quest lane
And then maybe
Uh
We have to do this all between 11 hours though. Hmm. And we're already down nine hours to nine hours
Hmm
Beep beep beep beep beep dee. Hello. Hello America. Hi on my tummy wumbles again. I'm sorry if you can hear it
It appears once I notice I'm hungry. I am hungry
Where's the rotten part of one
I love you for that. Although it took me so long. I wish I could hear a tummy teasing us with a tummy wumbles
you lose your share no debates no discussion he's very quiet compared to
others when we say I think you're pretty clear yes yes yeah rules were
thieves what's the point of rules not yeah I understand then I think it's time
we put your expertise to the test your expertise to the town you know I'm a
bit golden-glorious claim this recruit possesses an aptitude for our line of
work so let her prove it let her prove it however the owner has suddenly decided
to take matters into his own hands and shut us out he needs to be taught a
lesson
Mercer aren't you forgetting something
my outfit oh I get my outfit okay look at this look at the drip zero minus aura
zero risk no get I'm expecting you to make us a lot of coin so don't wait then
I'll get my over yet simple do as you're told and keep your blade of it
if I take off it by killing if I check if I take delvin Mallory and Becks they
know their way around this place they'll be able to kick some extra job minus 100
drip honestly and talk to Tonelia in the flag she'll set you up with a new
armor Tonelia Tonelia Tonelia right tell me about the job we need you to
teach him a lesson but the catch that important client Mercer mentioned would
make this right we're just beginning our first these guild decided basically
we're destroying beehives we literally said yeah we see the problems with
environment nor problem we are gonna go talk to I've already forgotten her name
but she's in here and she's gonna give us as my old BS just died
am I still streaming and my connection just died please don't please don't do
this right now to me connection hold on I think my oh dear oh dear oh dear it's
not looking bloody good for us is it I just got an error message saying I'm
not on Vtub studio for some reason but you guys are seeing you see me
mmm oh dear
oh yeah right I'm still here I'm still here for some reason it thinks I'm off
lane that's mildly concerning right mildly concerning but it's fine it's fine
right where's Tonya up in the don't know where's Tonya up in the don't know Tonya
so you're the new recruit huh yeah looks like you and I are gonna have to get
very well acquaintance she's the fence I'm the fence down yeah I remembered her
saying that exactly own and I'll pay you some coin for it minus a little slice
for the guild of course I can also provide a few supplies useful to our trade
now two lovers forbidden from one another yeah right zero negative risk
negative drip you know how it is and then do this one then items and then a
prel
oh look oh oh we two oh why where my weapon tree go hold on pop that bad bye
back on again here we go oh actually I can put a soul gem in it two-handed
thief yeah yeah I know it's scuffed but I like it I don't care vex my goodness
she's the worst worst character I see you recognize that mug anywhere mmm they
call her the fence because you get stuck in her I mean what hey yeah oh man I
can't get used to the normal oh you know you used to it right look at how cool
that is there's a little secret a little secret thing you can do and then
there's a de bella oh no tell us again the Bella that was here oh what am I
supposed to do I'm supposed to go burn some beehives are you ready I believe
there's a sewer that you can get access to on the outskirts or you can just walk
up to it let me in question mark hello hi there hi can I burn down your
uh mmm I don't remember where the sewer is I thought they were gonna talk to me
for some reason I don't know why but we have agreed that backstabs with the axe
would be devastating bro you wouldn't even be able to like you wouldn't be able
to so I just call that I just literally call that dragonfly with my teeth is this
the sewer here it may be no that's just a piece
oh there's like a shoreline that has the sewer in it so you can get into the
estate we're just gonna crouch around like a little goblino what what what
oh my voice just cracked there let's spit right I think we might just go in guns
ablaze and honest oh Lydia's getting oh someone's looking at me I don't know who
but someone can see me right now right if we're doing fire we need fire
destruction flame and then one two three if you destroy all the beehives then
you're naughty we just want to and make them are you an enemy oh oh sorry I did
the I did the melee swing I apologize I did the swing and I always does that no
soul gym large yeah oh he just perished no my bees death by bees show me what
you're working with oh I've done that the killcams are sick when you've got a
good armor on it looks so good no submit only death yeah so although the em how is
it called the dark brotherhood have good armor and so do the nating gales which
we're gonna get very shortly oh thank you are you sure though thank you very much
for saying that is very kind of me I appreciate it thanks for the tip I just
feel like my accent me I sent me ghee over here but thank you this very kind of you to say
it's him it's been like you know I guess I can't say that but yeah it's nice to be me I enjoy it very
much I enjoy oh he's in here wait hold on we need to destroy this other guy first and then
okay that man is right back yeah your accent is cute and hot don't forget the
bee statue hold on I've only got seven lockpicks honestly I might need to start buying lockpick
and if I'm serious about this hello woman is I worthless mercenaries I didn't think maven or
Mercer would allow me to get away with this but I had little choice uh-huh I can't if I do I may as
well cut my own throat mmm no I'm not about to let you ruin everything I've worked so hard oh
is he about to fit I think he thinks yeah oh I'm sorry bro yeah you didn't stand a chance you were
in your hoity-toity clothes like it was over before it even began jeez I wonder if you can do it
without hurting him and what happens did you know this was a part of a freaking abandoned quest
thing that they never did I can't remember there's like symbols on the roof of the thing you see
a symbol and I can't remember what it was abandoned anyway they didn't finish it I'll break the lock
picking it yeah goes yeah lockpicking increased I broke it hello I broke it I failed and you
start looting like oh no one's dropping lockpicks oh you got lockpicks no but thank you again and
one was for that tip I appreciate you you went my way you really did ask yes you can you can do the
entire mission without being seen or hurt anyone well I'm definitely not that MLG stage
every failure is a learning lesson no no one's here oh Lydia Lydia Lydia are you for real
me when I get oh my sneakers increase him because Lydia Lydia he Lydia that was a whole
ass man Lydia that was very unexpected behavior from you that position as well she left them
and she's like yeah no more problem sorry about the wrong way wow I can't be bothered
spellcasting fire that sounds terrible hey same I'm a ass man to POV the the position wait
wait hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on hold that thought hold pause pause
the position she believes you and after she's done with you for the night okay you can breathe
again you don't you don't need to pause anymore you can breathe again the music in this game is
goldly it's ethereal honestly all right there's no other enemies I will happily take this money
though you don't have to ask me toys wow all right bill of sale all done nice return to bring
your feet all done the fact you went back to crack the joke I know they're enemies I think
there's enemies open Skyrim oh okay it was just like a little detour if you will it will fast
travel no we can't because there's enemies nearby whomp whomp
it's just there'll be like a fish in the war that will also prevent me from going how about
no why no boom wait what did I make why would I be doomed a dead corpse that's like
being a dead corpse like a horse get it okay well you put me on the spot okay you put me
on the spot I couldn't do it that fast good job last let me take a look at what you thought
aren't got so golden glow he has no idea the extent if only the parchment had the buyers
hmm but for now you're off to speak to me even black riot she asked for you by name
it's just business that's but right we're just basically gonna speak to the person who is
hand-in-hand with the thieves girl and she oh also if you ever need arrows for free literally
it genuinely spawns in like a very good golf clap tomato tomato tomato boo stop doing that
rub we will take a pee break very shortly because her bladders will be bursting for those of you
who actually do hydrate for those of us who forget to hydrate you're just feeling a little
bit tired because we need some food in the system good for the boys bad for the joy where she's
upstairs what's your problem yeah what's your problem hello maven bright where is that confidence
I hear is that aren't against strange I'm often that confused yeah yeah yeah yeah right she's gonna
tell us to go do a quest where we manipulate and a competitor to her brewery and which is quite
a unique one because of what goes on inside the quest quick question is our way to get into the
these girl treasury not that I know of and other than doing the quest line where it opens up and
then it reveals and then it were the big root wait what oh it's been reefing seed for honestly
should I call a break should we do it wait hold on me let me finish my war oh that was
top water yeah I don't really find a top war yeah when I have it in tea I guess it covers up all
the flavor I work with my mother to sell first time vegetable that anyone are you okay I know it's
scary I know it's scary to go into a new place for the first time but you'll be all right hand
the new buddy oh my gosh I love it I love this game so much I'm a hello hello hello
can't a man drink in peace geez you looks his eyes are gone like I shadow on I'm gonna keep this
owner so we're to basically poison the bat from a meadery in order to get this guy arrested
it's pretty pretty yeah it's pretty deep plot I have to admit the plot is so deep like it's
probably I'd say an average of five inches deep of this plot and I will make a tea and get some
food in me because I think I'm starting to go slightly delirious because I've not had anything
I'm supposed to be holding a tasting at the new hunting so if he sees the meadery in this state
there's currently skevers and at his meteorite and we're gonna offer well that's not how I operate
you better or I'll yell skeever okay okay no need to make rash decisions here's half my only demand
is that these are permanent so he is literally handing us the poison that we're gonna poison
the bat of mead with it's it's it's so evil I love it please eat get that nutrition you
I just get so distracted when I stream like I don't oh fucking hell um I just uh oh sorry sorry
um it's all about pear shaped hasn't it uh yeah I just like kind of forget to eat and stuff when I
stream I just get so distracted because it's like such a good time I've always been like oh my gosh
oh all right oh this is things beating me up I'm literally like I'm on the red oh you can't even
see my health bar oh wow my health bar is really bad right now uh I'll show you how bad it is I can
I can heal right now that's how bad it oh maybe I need to adjust my chat so it doesn't go over the
screen especially for video games like this I might get that change
uh speaking the honeybrew mead with emmy needs honestly emmy needs delightfully
emmy would cry for him it's not bad you're no hit legendary um
hold on Lydia you Lydia
Lydia you literally went around the way what do you mean by over the screen so you see how like
next to me is that little cuttlefish to my to your left I guess from your paw see how the chat is
like going up on screen from that chat box I might change it so it doesn't so the video game isn't
like encroached in any way because I just noticed now that you can't see my health bar
um you can see my stamina constantly but my big hairs oh oh sorry there's traps sorry sorry oh
sorry sorry oh oh Lydia Lydia there's traps like did you not just hear me jump over them Lydia
oh right this fight always scares me because this guy is actually super OP for no reason
there's a man in here oh we need to we need to get him first because I have like no magic oh
bruv bruv hold on all right I'll get the rats first he is like so strong for no reason and
he freaking does that where he fucking backs off I hate when you back off when you're fighting them
like I know that's normal to back off when someone's like coming at you but like it's so annoying just
stand still and let me parachute it's like not that big a deal yeah so that man was currently
living with the the skevers um you know as long as he's happy and thriving that's the main thing but
no a little to the right no no a little to the left a bit more
no a little bit more to the left
he's a mage yeah we hate mages honestly there's so annoying
male version of imme oh I mean ow I keep getting wrecked by these traps like I've like forgotten them
all right we'll finish this quest and then I will get some food in me because I'm probably moments
from perishing uh you can just grab this key back here by the way super easy um I totally
didn't know that on my first playthrough and walked all the way back uh like a dumb dumb
I don't want to steal from it it's honestly kind of picking up stolen items is really annoying
if the guards end up picking you up right we've done it we've done the quest once we finish we'll
take a look if you need to sample some of the finest meat in skyline that your shift hasn't even
started yet when I'm hello well it's about time I you'll just have to wait until after the camp
right we're gonna watch it all we're gonna watch it all in furl lydia go take a seat there
lydia go sit lydia sit
what do you need go sit okay got it well sir yarn now that you've taken care of your
I said go sit how about I get a taste of you're ruining the view lydia even though you look just
like me it's my finest room yet I call it the hate game from 2011 are you planning on playing
the elton ring dlc yeah we you word when it comes out we're replaying the full game again
and the dlc on top I have no idea how big the dlc is it's probably gonna be a week of elton ring
so I do apologize to anyone who hates elton ring I will probably have like a shorter stream and
maybe do like a membership stream as well and switch it up maybe she doesn't like to be told
sit she's not a good girl bad girl
actually well I'm here can we maybe just turn the music down a tiny bit yeah it's a bit overwhelming
like in fates and stuff this is not what it seems butt bouncing are we actually doing butt bouncing
I don't know have you done it I feel like I want to like race to get us to do the dlc I don't
I assume you get the dlc once you've finished the game slamming away through the lines in between
we'll see how quickly your memory clears in the city's presence now move look I assure you this is
all just a huge misunderstanding I said move he's got the big guns
oh oh dear what is it now we have a tasting to attend to nothing you're supposed to go with him
bad girls are incredibly good girls are the future I don't think that could have gone any better
he always reminded me of Loki
uh I need to get a look at sabjorn's books so maven wants you're welcome to take them here this
should help thank you remember to put in a good word for maven for me any good boys for maven
and then you then you all go boo and then I say any good boys for stroney and you'll go yeah
and rejoice right we you won't get away with that
is he gonna attack me
you won't get away with that I'm sorry I can't believe that worked
what am I not being as high that was so scary I accidentally picked up the bowl
I would kill the boy for stroney you are his bestest refling
all right we're going we're going back to handing the quest and then we're gonna take a pause break
I'm gonna make a tea and get lots of food um and then we'll rant and rave about any and all
topics actually I should check out marshmallows I've been getting sent some uh
stuff uh live reveal and I'm just I'm that is a meme that is a meme I trust you have good
jobs finished here's the info the only thing that could identify well you should bring this in
there's also the matter of your payment yeah yeah yeah what does she give me oh she gave me an iron
sword of embers I can destroy that I'll be a good boy for stroney oopsie picks a bowl
stop right there criminal scum honestly this game is so sensitive like honestly I fell back
right hand in this freaking quest and then I will go eat I am starving my body is literally
doing the rumble jumble and I'm feeling I'm feeling weaker oh help me refling help me I'm so weak oh
you're just gonna have to spin feed me uh you just need to look after me I'm a delicate little
flutter okay hello hello word on the street is that poor sabbjorn has found as you wish
I won't peak I won't ruin it what you're giving me to eat okay
uh
someone's trying to take the thief's guilt down and it's not us
complete down why did the color palette just shift there I just I blink and you'll miss it
honestly here comes airplane I found the same marking at the honey broom eatery you admire
just don't mistake me because how can we make them pay
golem I'm betting get out there shake him down shake him down whoo-hoo shake them no no no no no
uh I need to talk to brine off again hi brine off I can't believe gullum eyes mixed up in all
gullum eye not to be confused with golem a
don't get me wrong you could scam a beggar how about I recite the work even more
I reduce the work even more and chew it for me do you know that's how um used to food
babies back in the day um it's actually really common for the moms to chew the food and then
give it to the um
um yeah so like before baby formula was a thing and like solid food training or whatever like
before the kind of capitalism market kind of exploded went until you hear about what nesli did um
yeah it was like really common your mom chews the food for you and then gives it to you in your
mouth it's like a little baby birth moment and everyone's like that's so gross and I was like
bro that's the way it is that's just like how have it be you know it's very interesting I actually
could probably write an entire video I see about it and then present that video I say live on stream
and just to show everyone how natural things are but everything's been so like oh they're so weird
but it's only weird because we've not been exposed to it and we no longer even talk about it because
it's like literally unironically been bred out of us over a few generations because capitalism is away
um what one fun world scrawny did you consider getting mana as backup food
yeah mummy burden literally I didn't know that was a thing it is so um uh babies newborns should
start on breast milk because it's full of colostrum um and it's also because a baby doesn't actually
have an immune system until six months old um so it's very important to have breast milk however
it was very common to have what's called a wet nurse which is when um a woman who had recently
had a child would share and because it's very common for some women to experience a surplus and
it's very common for some women to experience problems producing milk it's just kind of random
doesn't really there's a lot of factors that come into play um obviously stress is a major one
stress on any human body for a long period do you mind I'm telling you a story about titty milk
leave me alone um but yes I'm sure as a lot of you can imagine being stressed for a very long
time is very bad for your health um guys uh guys uh stress manifests in a lot of mental health issues
and a lot of loneliness um oh are we gonna make it you know what we're gonna send it send it right
hold on hold on let them fake them out a little fake them out fake them out fake them out it's fine
wow wait wrong one oh shit I'm out of stamina and he's like right next to me this is rather
embarrassing I have to admit uh I didn't really think this far through yeah stress got me pretty good
yeah I like it here because I learned so much information okay there we go we can get away
we're I hear it I don't see it I think that's good that I don't see it though because it means
it's not near me don't call me out like that yeah it's very um interest in the way it physically
manifests in the way like obviously I think the majority of us have been like raised in a western
society which obviously comes with a lot of socialization and socialization plays so much
into the how you can deal with stress factors and like it's just kind of a sad fact that like
homeboys uh kind of get told to suck it up um like I can literally go green to the girls right now
and it's like nothing's wrong with it or anything um but it's very interesting how you tackle it I
don't even know how you tackle it I wouldn't even have a clue where you start like the only thing I
guess you could hope for is pockets of communities and overtime ideas get popular like um when the
general consensus of society changes that's when the real change comes through but the problem is
you have to basically go out with the old and how do you go out with the old well the old passes
away the old doesn't bring down bring down the old doesn't pass on its teachings like for example um
I like my grandparents talked about how they got hit by their parents and it was very common
place to be hit if you didn't know it's actually illegal to punish your child via a corporal
punishment yes your own child in Scotland is legal and you will be prosecuted for hitting them no it
is not punishment no it is not spanking no it is literally against the law you're welcome to go up and
it's very bad for the child there's a lot of things done around it um but it's very fascinating um how
quickly things can change within a generation so my grandparents told me stories about them
getting hit by their parents they did not hit my parents like they didn't hit mom and dad and then
you know opposites I didn't hit mom and dad and mom or dad so my mom spanked me so my dad never
hit me he doesn't like it he doesn't believe in it and he absolutely despises it my mom
so there was this orange slipper and she used to hit me with it all the time because it's such a
child um but it's very interesting because um within a couple of generations in Scotland
it's a big no no to discipline your children via punishment like that physical punishment um and
it's just like interesting to see as the generations come and go like some people might not like the
emphasis like oh if you're in this age range you're gen X if you're in this you're a zoomer you're this
you're that but the reason it is so purposeful and so important to have these names for generations
is because there's also a lot of societal behaviors that emerge I hear Ninroop I hear it yes um and
uh so like you who are listening to me right now odds are we were not raised in the exact same
society with the expectations and whatever's however we are crazy enough to have the ability
to set up a community like mind where we might agree on how things like should go and how things
shouldn't go and we have created a pocket a pocket of a collective that can provide secondary
socialization which is crazy because primary socialization is your parents but secondary is
like outside outside influence and I could influence you to see the world differently
through my words which is like insane um even we might not even be in the same generation and it's
just as freaking socialization is fantastic stuff I will also probably write a massive stream essay
I would love to talk about all this stuff in higher detail but right now we're about to do the thieves
quest and I've forgotten again to get food but that's okay we're just gonna sneak on in
that's right you're being educated in your will uh against your will get educated get educated get
educated
strongy feeding us knowledge we'll forget to feed herself honestly are you
by the pope strongy sorry for interrupting but would you kindly get food and tea
okay yes I will thank you um penitent I get pen in it I've asked said penitent with no teas
do you become pen in it pen penny ten penny ten penny and penny in thanks for the time sorry I'm
having a stroke because you've got teas in your name I will quickly go grab some food and go for
a pee I highly recommend everyone who's listening to please go get some water go get some tea this
is an endurance stream so we're going to be here for a little while we're going to finish the
thieves quest and then we're going to dark brotherhood and then we're going to do vampire quest
line because I enjoy it very much stop your knowledge is too big oh yeah you can't handle
my knowledge take more take more take more um but yes please get up and stretch your legs
please get some more hydration I'm gonna get a cup of tea some water I might even get a cola
I'm feeling so naughty to get cola so please do get your legs a stretch and and analyze the color
of your past manifest too dark then you need to hydrate more okay game food game food game food
honestly you can't force the knowledge on me is it really forcing if you want it though hmm did I
did I tell you that whenever I make it I guess like forbidden knowledge whenever I make an audio
where I'm very our word um people really enjoy that so I just let you should know it seems to be a
thing though that like anyway I'm literally standing up swiveling on my chair I will be back uh give me
like four minutes to pee in a cup of tea and heat up my Liz Hagney like two minutes in the microwave
sounds about right I think but yeah I'll be back in a minute okay
so
what shenanigans did you get up to whilst i took a big fat jobey
okay i've got food lads she's been gone for 84 years i've not i've not i've been good
thank you none of it's true i got cola i got a tea and i got food i'm so happy
a what now like all i'm saying is the kettle was boiled and the microwave had microwaved okay
we talked about the happening she's back i am back and i have food
night tab out and look at marshmallows or is this gonna break the game wouldn't that be hilarious
if it broke the game and i had to redo everything oh my god that would be so funny please don't do
that where's my mouse got this okay we're back how do i open up marshmallow we're just gonna be
stuffing our faces for a couple of minutes so i'll read marshmallow oh the toes the toes from
the stream the other day hit all the right spots thank you so much for catering to your
people's desires i had quite a bit of spicy time can't wait to see more of those toesies
oh you'll be excited for tomorrow's stream oh my god oh that's funny is anything
i want to him in your curls my curls my curled toes
wow when you tape you keep your hand on the wasd keys you're a true gamer typical people
keep it asdf do they have a wasd oh my god i can't believe it i'm a nerd you've caught me
you have the most beautiful tiny hands in the world yeah some people said my hands were small um
i'm not i don't actually i think that hands are the average size for a waman i thought i'm
being funny i actually thought i was like bang on average for everything but i guess i'm not and
i'm actually on the smaller side they are tiny okay like when i got the ruler oh sorry i just
punched the microphone uh when i got the ruler i thought that was really fun because everyone can
kind of um wasd is natural hand position yeah i definitely agree with that
god you have no idea how badly i want to hold my hands i should come to our convention then
i have uh i'll get a bodyguard just you know just to make sure everything's all above ground
um but yeah like i can bring like all them things i don't know i feel like if someone
comes to a convention to come see you like i like the idol meetings like the japanese idol
meetings where they like hold your hand and you can like talk and look at each other like over
the table type thing i think that's really sweet and cute but i don't know i don't know it just seems
like something i don't know that's just me the asmr booth if only i wish a convention would
entertain me to do that that's honestly ridiculous make sure everything's above the table honestly
who would get in trouble first me or you me or are we fun
let me analyze this one hey stroney is there any chance for hypnosis with helping the listener
with addiction or focusing desires upon yourself from distractions um
oh i'm not sure i can do stuff like that mine is always of an alternative nature for
grat of the defying nature um i absolutely am not qualified or capable or doing anything that
um kind of has like a i don't know what the word is but like i
therapeutic yeah i would say there is any therapeutic hypnosis i can't participate in
because i don't actually have the knowledge on how who goes there how to do it safely so uh
safety first i will admit this is out of my league i am definitely not there and i don't
think i ever will be there um 10 out of 10 i know 10 holy moly oh yeah oh did you forget when i eat
i burp even more that's right the air gets trapped in these lungs lungs in this stomach
i gave you my tribute cherry and no one else
you're the only woman to ever ah
these are supposed to be special i will mindset it in the first place oh i don't
ever feel like forced to or anything but i do like that take your cherry
okay
hi strawney just finished watching your sweet stream and i have to say those sweets are not as sweet
as those sweets aren't as sweet as you hey oh okay we'll give you that one that was cute that was
cute every journal joke i know though also did you know that the bumps on the f and j keys on
your keyboard are there so you can correctly place your hands fingers on them without looking
i thought the wasd was funny i didn't know that you have taught me knowledge everyone please
finger the f key and notice the bump on the f that is for positioning reasons
um
in light of recent events the girls have made it clear they don't want our unfaithful
uh see even with your permission if they are reciprocal to slowly and dedication i'm happy
for them and happy to oblige their wishes however this means that your
king will be ignored my sharing i'm trying to like i'm trying to navigate this
in a in a particular way i think we all know i'm trying to like get around it and
um i will just have to
i will have to i can't say any of this my technical is no once again for your explicit
oh i love that and only
i can't read anything else i love that but there we go finger in the f yes
um
um yes my c queen fair yeah my c queen yes uh they can't entertain my c queen due to the girls uh
um preference yes
oh my god my pc i don't know if it's because it's on standby but it's making the the room
unbelievably hot um hi cuddles during this stream this morning you ask what a fumu was
in response to my comment about some plushies they're basically smug plushies of popular
characters from the two whole series however they have developed a bit of a cult following
due to memes and such and ended up with people making their own similar plushies like the
newer someone evil newer so okay okay from makership ah yeah yes i see i see thank you
am i too big for you oh that's that's a link that's a link uh we'll investigate that later on
uh hi stroney thanks for the fun stream today a lot of the american sweets did not look safe
to eat well but i'm glad you found a new thing you like yeah my connects orange flavor i'm all about
that i'm all about the mechanics uh i've always had a keen interest in hypno content i'm very very
curious to experience what you have to offer and even more intrigued by the idea permanent info
i do have a reverse audio that will be publicly accessible please don't worry i've always thought
that hypnosis would never work on me and i'd like to give it a tit literally you um if it's not for
you that's more than okay um i do offer like alternative like audios and stuff um that aren't
that theme but if it's not for you please don't ever feel forced to like go along with it if that
makes sense like either it's for you you can give it a try uh if you're open minded you'll see um
well you give us your best sometime also you're quite oh my god i'm choking on my lasagna you
can hear it slide down my throat also you're quite literally a cute scott fish i've ever seen
thank you you make me feel a certain kind of way with that voice of yours oh yeah oh yeah yeah like
this top top why do i say top of the morning is this one not scott's good morning good evening
good afternoon right today we're playing skyrim that's right skyrim belongs to the north
oh someone says it someone says i never thought i'd be too big for my beloved i don't know how
to handle this information pick the other hole it's really not that it's not that hard
actually i encourage you very much please don't worry i will i will teach you the ways in the
membership stream
i love your content hope to see more i'm in the process of making a short story for you but
now that i'm halfway done with it i'm on the verge of scrapping it no pure shame no if you ever
if ever saw the late day i would need a new identity it's not even explicit i use very loose
words but yeah maybe i shouldn't have brought it up oh don't be scared to put your creations into
you are you joking me you know all the scripts that you've heard from the girls so far i wrote
that do you think i was proud of the first thing i ever wrote no don't scrap it let me read it i want
to read
um eat um cauliflower that's coated in flavor
um i'm so sorry hi scrawny ass on stream ballistic is in past chat what's the model
your keyboard uh uh corsair something i think it's the it's the australian version because the
number two is the at key which is actually the wrong key in the uk
oh
this is delicious this is exactly what i need to stream for 12 hours
hmm
hey scrawny just want to say i'm glad that vealer is up and running
um i've been following since another life and really enjoyed her refresh and your content is
that's because i'm unprofessional so happy to see your dreams come into life and bring in the
v-tube and and bless you and bring me together i feel like what you're doing is really breaking
out in your character oh shucks you stop that you're you're you're blowing these smoke up my
arse i am getting my ego stroke so hard what's going on here um new tires love to see it can't
wait to watch you all in the rest of you in the years to come you stop that i hope they all
continue to achieve their dreams i do too my next goal once everyone who goes there once
everyone is monetized um we will get um my next goal is to get them all to five k subscribers
because we have a celebratory artwork for that when everyone achieves it so i'm very excited
it has to be there forever me who has to think of the second uh video game for gen 2
monkey ass i don't even know if anyone's gonna like my idea but here we go
hi strawney
that's just someone's measurements 13 centimeters okay
17 i asked that reflens what's going on you all filed for those ads that were like take this pill
so wonderful to see you and the other girls flourishing post debut here's a great and healthy
future hopefully it's a shiny and pearlescent as you're out there strawney big love thank you so
much thank you everything that's a link so uh can't can't uh look at that um
hey hey and under this guy i know you like whimpering uh yo who told you that but what should
you take on talking during gifts example calling you a good visa key the best little
if you want to do that go for a whole year yeah
oh my yeah if you want to say that stuff go for it i'm gonna say no
no
hey strawney i'm a skit so refling oh bless your heart are you okay son is there any way to
retract my mod application oh if you get picked for a mod don't worry you can just reject it at
any point if you get that offer oh bless you i hope you're okay but i don't trust myself with that
kind of power that's really good on you to uh be able to see that maybe it's not the best idea for
you good on you skit so reflin got the way it's just it's how direct you identified yourself
that was kind of humorous sorry i do apologize i'm not laughing at you i actually just found it
just like hey i'm just gonna reflin like you just you just like slammed your balls on the
desk because of the just like yeah let's get straight to the point um so sorry that was rather
humorous the way you wrote that uh yes please just reject the uh offer if you do get messaged
about it i actually have no idea uh mummy please i wonder who while listening to you
uh hi strawney i just want to say thank you thank you so much for viewer i'm really really happy
you're back but i'm also happy for the other girls so i am too they're also sweet and talented oh i know
they are absolutely adore them i can't read that one out loud because that's very that's very uh
maybe in a membership stream i tried suggesting another man to make you his new oshi because he
was an old-school runescape addict when he's out of the picture i'll swoop in on his wife
not that i'm trying well what why are you saying
you're trying to get what you're trying to get me an old-school runescape sugar daddy
i've none of you have seen the runescape series so far there's just one installment
oh shit management just showed up everyone front and center i i i serious you can also
contact the website and mention the email you use in the mod application to get it removed okay yeah
that seems fair um uh what was i saying oh yeah i literally have like 22 million gp and all i did
was show up and freaking fish hi cuddles i'm currently watching the vod of today's ASMR stream
since i missed it while sleeping i'm someone who has never been able to go under despite having a
having a flavor for it one issue i have that i become
hysterical i can't read that um uh
uh-huh okay
okay we have quite an effect on this replaying that's adorable i like that
management quick hands above desk honestly
hi i love you mommy i love you to everything the stream was incredible i'm really glad that
interests you and i can't wait to see what you do next also i'm still here and she'd be streamed
for you i'm devoted to you i really want to send you something but i haven't had the inspiration
been really in my my emotions lately and it's really slammed my libido do i know a sad fact
my alternative picture is the last time rip in the chat i've been so freaking stressed
like all the time and i can't like unstress myself i think it'll calm down like once the
things settle but like i'm so freaking stressed and it's such a shame
but i'm sure i will get inspiration soon tm i think maybe i'll tell you what i think maybe
once the monetization for everyone has been achieved i'll start to feel relaxed because like then
truly is up to the girls whatever they want to do and i can just get fun shorts ordered of them
but like right now i'm like oh my god there's four out of six why is the other two not come
through because we applied for them all at the same time like oh no weapons if one of the girls
don't get youtube monetization oh no that that's like a whole month and uh just like oh i don't
oh i would be sick if i think about it we pretend we do not see
but yeah the the what did i say there's a line of volunteers is extremely long thank
yeah you guys want to make gentry right now
i've almost finished eating and then i will slurp my honey tea and then we'll get back into the
thieves guild
skyrim's going good we're at um golem from the thieves guild quest we're about to be
meeting the big naughty on who's trying to take down the thieves guild soon tm and um
once we do the thieves guild we are going to do the dark brotherhood because i actually really
enjoy it it's quite i think i think the dark brotherhood is actually relatively quick um
and then we're going to do the vampires and then if we still have time we're going to do
um the actual dragonborn quest line which i hate doing because it breaks the game and
then if you ever like seriously want to do like a hundred percent speed run it's speed
runs not speed run just a hundred percent achievements always leave it last because
it breaks the game so much when you have to like say like oh we'll give white run up or we'll give
this uh rifting off or we'll do this or we'll do that every day feel as how much it breaks the game
but i finished my my bowl of lasagna um now i've got my my cup of tea and my cola i do i do
i've got my cola no need to read this during a stream oh yeah what happens if i do it right now
the ASMR stream was amazing strongy i was putting your hands during it
ah that's so cute
oh whoa someone is giving me a step by step
gate on how to do haptic feedback
penalize penalizing okay that's the law links um how down bad do you think is too down bad for
you for me oh no i like i like main corruption so there's not really a down too bad i think
corruption's really um up there um oh my first membership stream can be about that
uh no about ranking everything
penalize yes
aw strongy i just want to thank you for giving all the girls a home and a family
veal are such a positive part of the environment already and i'm happy to watch along with all
the other reeflings oh reeflin i said also the latest patreon post is incredible
did you like it i thought it was good would you let me pick on your party
uh yes if you are a patreon member um another audio has gone up so there's a total of three
audios up um it is spaced out for the other girls so because all the audios were uploaded on the first
that did mean there's a bit of a break between the next one that comes up but as it stands everyone
has a day if i can remember correctly azura monday mersey tuesday um emmy wednesday sheby thursday
i see friday strongy saturday i'm not quite sure but just so you understand they are purposefully
spaced out who goes there um and um they will be like every tuesday all of x's will go out on
every tuesday all of like for me every saturday an audio will come out like that kind of thing
um we i'm going to get the girls to post on what's inside like with the tags and everything
i just need catch up time um she says as she's sitting on skyrim for an endurance stream
i've got nothing but the cheek i really do i've got nothing but the cheek but i do need catch up
time to get into the flow of things then next month um 100 will be like you will see what's
inside if you want to subscribe for that month or not and if not then you know you can take a look
at whoever else is posting maybe they've got something a bit more up to your style again i would
like to repeat when it comes to the audios i have not shoehorned anyone into the same type of plot
if you will because that will not financially enable them to be the content creator they'd
like to be um a lot of the girls are looking at moving out possibly if they're able to receive
enough support so that's why i do say if you only have enough money to support one girl please do
pick a daughter of mine because um they are gunning to move out um and it means they would
provide more content and yeah it's just a very positive cycle occurs um yes uh yeah i'm both
meanies like not bad to kill it by emoji if you subscribe to everyone you get an audio every day
i mean technically you're very close you get a rest day no one uploads on a sunday
also they deserve it yes the girls work incredibly hard um ac was like am i allowed
someone asked a question to ac on marshmallow like uh how do your recordings work and she was
like am i allowed to talk about this and i'm like yeah you can as long as you don't see anything
that's like nda obvious then yeah you can talk about how i i burst into your dms and hand you a
script and all the spelling is wrong and the grammar's whack yeah you can talk about that all
you like i say actual day of rest honestly um but yes thank you for thanking me for giving the girls
a home but please understand the girls did it themselves they reached out to vealer they applied
um they went to an interview and they were happy with everything some of them did the very thorough
research uh emi actually was the most inquisitive and had the most questions azura i think she was
just like is any of this real i think she thought she was dreaming because she never asked a single
question after the interview um yeah azura was absolutely adorable emi asked a ton of questions
which made me think she wasn't actually gonna accept the character because i told her what the
character theme was and i saw people were being weird but yeah azura was like fuck it we ball
indian and docs and notwithstanding they have carte blanche what carte blanche
but what uh in english what in english english that's so azura honestly yeah that sounds like
big mommy we ball honestly a free pass or it means like free reign oh carte blanche a blank
menu is what the translation is that makes sense a free pass a blank menu oh my god i can't believe
it sorry i translated it literally versus uh metaphor good uh hi sending messages scares me
but i want i watched your ASMR stream and it was amazing i can't wait to see more of your
stuff both ASMR and other videos they are so fantastic i'm watching you do what you love and
making ASMR making via lure has me thinking i should start and follow my own you should follow
your own dreams you've only got one shot i keep snail blinking please paul please don't notice me
snail blinking you do you've only got one shot if you've got a dream or something you want to achieve
where can go for it like if i win the lottery already know what i'm doing all i'm saying is if
i win the lottery the girls are getting stacked out so i'm saying um you know the split going even
higher you know oh it's always fun to try and reach for a new goal like for example hypnosis
is my new goal i've always enjoyed it and always liked it but i've never made it myself because
like i'm just like not skilled and i need to make sure it's safe and all that sorry i'm trying
there's a fucking cat hair on my face and it's one of those cat hairs where you wipe it away and
then it does a 360 look back on wherever it's freaking a caption i'm so sorry
that'll be gimley honestly um but you honestly you placed everyone in their spots so well i
wouldn't picture anyone else yes there is right no i'm not gonna say it because i might start up
some shitters um and we ain't stirring the pot from these parts we tap the sign from these parts um
let's see hi strony could you give us a hearing test like hearing test asmr of course i can do
something like that for ya you do a 360 and walk away wait a minute a 180 oops wait no 360 is the
circle 180 is the opposite right okay um i could absolutely do a hearing test i did a
ear cleaning where i'm like muffled until as the audio progresses i'm less muffled
i thought it was pretty cool i need to edit it actually it might be one of my one and four
because i i owe you four this whole skyrim stream actually kind of went perfect because tomorrow i will
do my monetization celebration stream where everyone can absolutely laugh and i'm pretty sure
someone's probably already guessed what i've got planned for it there's no way after yesterday's
stream someone hasn't put two and two together and knows why i got a pedicure in particular
i refuse i refuse she fell for the oldest these xbox joke honestly do a 540 believe it
um my body prevented me from my dream so i come about have you ever had an actual medical
ear cleaning i've not had a medical ear cleaning but i did get my hearing checked as a child um
because i was ignoring my mum where i was undiagnosed it was my idea actually um
i'm going to sip my tea before it gets too cold okay
eh yeah my mum got me uh sent to a hearing test because she was sitting at my dad she was like
strony doesn't he listen to me like strony strony never hears me and i used to do this thing
where i sat right in front of the tv so the tv was on a stand but i would sit directly under it so
my neck was looking directly upward sorry i just hit the mic there by uh i know you can't see my
hands but my mic was at my mic my neck was directly upwards looking at the tv like pure pure
in a trance like straight up like tizm a doctor walked in and tizm was the diagnosis type thing
and obviously my mum didn't know what it was all about at the time so i got sent for a hearing test
and she was like the wife that did the hearing test on me she was like oh no pet you're hearing
spain i don't know what's going on with you um and yeah basically that was that's when the
signs start to show and then now here i am someone who has to read and write for a living and goodness
gravey is it freaking hard i'm slurping is she okay nah she's just fucking hella autistic
a kid with autism how close were you to the tv oh i'm not being funny when i'm like i was directly
below the tv i like i was sitting crisscross looking directly up at the tv and my neck was
up in the air like it and i and my mum ascertained that it was hearing issues rather than something
else maybe going on she had a case of strontism honestly the strontism's too strong
um that's not good for your eyes oh well i do actually need to be wearing my glicks but
i'm making it work okay i was right in the vtuber collab scripts and i was like this is too small
this text so i zoomed in and i'm like oh my god i'm gonna be a blind as a fish like really soon
wait that's literally me as a kid literally
do you reckon cuttlefish have actual autism um as an uncertified marine biologist anything is
possible if you didn't know down syndrome is possible in animals as well um i believe down
syndrome is the deletion of chrome zone oh god what is it in humans uh not 32 that's
not right i can't remember which deletion it is but it can happen in gorillas
seriously i'm not even kidding look up down some down syndrome gorilla and like it's
fucking creepy oh it's an extra edition of 21 sorry yeah i'm thinking of the deletion one
what is the deletion one called that i always watch documentaries about
it happens when life deletes 32 yes um actually spindle fiber failure um
uh which is i um i find it really interesting oh god i feel like every time i'm like i find
this so interesting and fascinating it leads to me rambling about something that you guys couldn't
give less of a shit about i feel really bad but at the same time i really like blabbing away so i'm
like that just do it that just tell you about um fertilization so the reason why the rate of down
syndrome goes up dramatically the older the woman is beyond the age of 25 yes the age of 25 um
you're you're already hitting the wall at 25 rip um the reason it goes up exponentially is because
the failure of the spindle fibers that's what pulls apart um that's what pulls it apart and then
results in a the an additional chromosome wiggling about which is the rise of down syndrome which is
why women who um are having children later in life are often advised to do what is uh referred to
as a DNA test which i've completely forgotten the name of but basically they pierce the amniotic
sac and take a tiny cell sample of the baby and then check its DNA sequence under um you know get
it because to see if the child has down syndrome or not and then either they're advised would you
like to terminate or not or bring to term whatever type thing goes on but um it definitely is a risk
and uh like also being obese with the child as well results in gestational diabetes which is
very dangerous for the child very dangerous for the mum um there's also um if depending on the blood
type of the mother and the blood type of the child the mother during the entire pregnancy her body can
be attacking the baby until it um has a natural um abortion if you didn't know abortion is the
natural term but you can also get a medical abortion but abortion is the natural term for
it just happening and there are many reasons why it can never come to term how do you know all this
stuff is fascinating no i don't go to school i like watching youtube videos about um biology related
things i have a fascination in uh diagnoses in particular like why the reason it occurs for
example um like uh there's this syndrome uh of course it evades my mind i think it's called
like william hunter syndrome where the child or the well the child that can become an adult um
because you you do not pass away uh unless you have complications with other diseases for example
um you will never experience the sensation of being full uh you will constantly eat um there's
like hereditary syndromes as well like hunter syndrome which is pretty uh devastating um there's
interesting one such as dwarfism dwarfism can actually be passed on by two individuals who
visually do not have any um display of any dwarf uh ism genetics um but it is a recessive gene uh
and if the two people come together um yep you can have it how do you know all this
reefling that obviously has not got the autism angel man syndrome is that angel man syndrome
is that the one where the child is locked in the child like say i believe so mentally they
can't develop any further um uh yes uh Harley Quinn syndrome um doesn't sound like what it is
it's where your skin constantly your skin regenerates so fast that you flake and you break and it's
just absolute it is a living heck for those poor uh like children that are born but you can make it
to adulthood um there's a lot of sad um diagnoses that you can get like you can get childhood
dementia those are quite crushing ones um stroneys institute for the gift to take
you up angel man is the eaten one is it Harley Quinn issues yeah
as door is dwarfism classified only is being short there are a redonkulous amount of dwarfism
classifications um some can be like no stunted growth on the abdomen uh other versions are no
stunted growth on the arms and the legs but the um organ holder area if you will for lack of better
words abdomen all that and chest and that like there's so many different classifications is quite um
it's quite fascinating stuff when she uh get into torso yeah torso will do just nicely
i remember when the photos of those babies were used as shock foot yeah unfortunately um
kind of if you use older like if you look up like Freud stuff for example you get quite a
few older photos that are like Freud Freud you didn't have to photograph that mate like you know
do you know about prisons yeah like the stanley prison experiment and how people play roles that
they perceive to be superior uh absolutely fascinating stuff i do and enjoy the psychology
it has to offer um i think humans and our everyday socialization were always kind of
it's always insinuated that there's someone to look up to but i am a big believer in the three
um three perspective talk and it's like parent to parent child to child adult to parent or
something like that and it's like the three ways you can communicate with someone he said prions
oh not prisons my apology i was talking about the the stanley prison experiment prions uh no a
little bit about prions not not not too much sorry i just read what i wanted to read prudder's
williams syndrome oh prudder willie syndrome that sounds like um i'll just mix them up yes
prions diseases are horrifying um did you know about the family of blue people from generations of
i know there's a family that's like on youtube because someone goes and films them
and they communicate via barks because they have so many issues it's such a shame
i want this woman to yank me for the rest of my life honestly
uh well that speaking of prions um what is it rabid rickin bites you what's that called
as soon as you develop um water phobia water phobia hydrophobic water phobia once you develop
hydrophobia rabies that's it once you develop hydrophobia you have a hundred percent um loss rate
you can't win it is it is some scary stuff and and to think that we are very lucky to avoid this
by getting a simple tetanus shot um it turns out in test was not Winston are you squiddling
me right now i'm not i'm sorry for the interruption no no on side note strani teacher outfit when
oh i mean i'm down like i'm i'm down to clown you want strani teach you'll maybe your teacher
i'll be your i can teach you a few things i would do down for that maybe i shouldn't make
an audio about that um i've a a bit of a i have some leaks so close your ears if you don't want
to hear about the audio leaks uh uh referring to my gen mates um so the new audio uh i don't know
master manager wherever the frick you want to call him um is now in place uh there is like a i told
you that she be has a four part series it's absolutely magnificent i've read it and i love it
as there is four part series is now coming together oh my gosh golly if you like the being
pampered being called a good boy or feeling little oh my you are eating good i don't even have
a wee willy wink sausage i i'm appreciating that i saw him say i'm appreciating what is
being put down uh emise uh is coming through um i actually need to send off a note because i
accidentally wrote emise part one uh to our four part series which is a big mistake because having
too many cooks spoils the broth especially when it comes to bloody scripts i can assure you that much
uh um what uh mercedes is overall like a you finally accept being with the yandere and some
people don't like that there's resistance i comprehend but in this one i want her to be
resistant and then she breaks you okay that's what i want okay and what i want go i can't remember
what aces is i remember aces but damn strongly are you the tower of babel because you are stacked
in defiance of god and i cannot speak coherently when you go down oh thank you for the tip and
oh my god
babel babel babel babel
wow brian i can't believe you even said that out loud honestly um are they gonna be on patreon
they are gonna be on patreon please do uh don't however wait until the don't if you're like i do
not have the money to support these girls do not worry you can do it for free by liking their streams
and hanging out even if you're lurking it's perfectly fine um and then you might be seeing
yourself but if i don't give money i don't get access to certain content while this is true
wait until the don't know thorns i have purposely made the effort for goals to be public access um
now please don't get me wrong there still be rewards for those who can but i have purposely
pushed for public access rewards once goals have been met please let me try and cook it's very hard
to find a good balance who goes there i don't find myself um but yes i am i am trying my best to find
the perfect thing we've already undercut the market severely price point wise on patreon
um and we hope that through showing the lack of greed the lack of greed uh that you know
don't worry like even if you can't pay we're we've got you okay we've got you uh we'll hook you up
okay let me just
oh
there we go let's play some skyrim
is anyone anyone want some room on their sky
right here we go i'm in oh that's bloody loud i never have my own right where where are we
where where are we the tower of babble is the old story about man
about a man's hubris and defiance of god and the reason they allegedly that man speak
isn't that tower of babel on or am i getting my bees mixed up my babel and the tower of babel
babalon access stability no greed and moments company i gotta go on a jog and enjoy your jog
i'd say listen to the stream but you might be bricked up by the time you're
it's the tower of babel okay wait is babel on just a location then
stantic book to carry where azura what are you doing in my game
azura what's going on azura are you going to the high ground what you're doing what you're
gonna do once you're up here huh what you're gonna do once you're up here nothing oh you're still going
oh my god she's still going azura where where are you supposed to go
azura is absolutely lagging i'm not i'm not lying she's absolutely lagging it
oh i heard that that plot
babalon is the whole horror babalon thing oh i've been playing too much i
oh my gosh right that's it
oh i like that
okay she can beat him up it's fine
i like that he's just dodging and then i just did one big oh i said steal oh no
wait a minute that's against the law i'm a good fantasy rule player
i broke her stance you know what else i'll break her hymen okay you're done
where is it where's the enemy oh he's uh oh i didn't even saw that man i really do need my
glasses oh that's terrible legit i thought you were talking about skyrim's azura azura
isn't even in this i thought skyrim didn't have azura maybe azura's star
are
wait is this not it
eh wait what how come crazy is this not it
oh
hello oh my god i've gone way too far ahead of the plot i've gone way too far ahead of the
plot i've not even spoken to the guy to get him to move i was so confused why the trap door
wasn't open up oh azura gets you to clean out her star right you're done i'm not not you're done
didn't even get to the the first message i read in chat after like a couple of minutes of combat
that's terrible yeah azura's star is i uh thought it was on i'm literally speedrun the plot i've
gone like 10 leagues ahead i do apologize babel is where humanity teamed up to build a tower
to heaven and knocked it down and
um honestly it's quite interesting how
no i can't say that unfortunately um base i'm speedrunning the plot
yeah i've been playing too much binding of isaac oh my god wait have i said i'm
i'm like nine eight percent sure i've actually already said this but some of the girls are into
tarot cards they're called um and it's the funniest thing ever and the reason why it's
funny is my only exposure to tarot cards is the binding of isaac okay which means whenever they're
talking about like pool and cards or whatever they're like the tower card and i'm like yes
yes six bombs six bombs you can probably unlock like a secret um like a tinted rock and get like
a soul heart from it yes and like the lovers yes you can get two hearts if you can find a donation
machine maybe you can get some coins out of it i'm like oh goodness sake like all of them must be
rolling their eyes that my only experience like the freaking the hanged man uh oh yeah um that's
fantastic i can uh i can fly in the room like position or the full card oh yeah it takes me
back to the starting of the the map oh that's amazing that's amazing uh hey i'm just gonna
skip this part because i don't really need to see it um can you speak a little bit about your
plans for membership no bother you shoot before but you're honestly worth it oh my god stop you're
gonna make me blush um i will most likely do two memberships uh streams a week um most likely a
Samar membership is probably the most requested i also like doing watch alongs um some stream
snipe games uh maybe for more close things um maybe i did maybe i i don't care what you promise
if i tell you the buyer's name hasn't learned you kill me well i have a body okay it looks like
only bribery works on him um two i mean yeah i want to make it worth your money like the way
i try to think of it in my head is how much do you pay for like a movie ticket for like one and a
half hours entertainment okay i'ma take that and then double it and then double it again so i'm like
okay i'll try to stream every single day i'll also try to offer membership streams at least twice a
week that seems fair that means in total for the membership not only do you directly support me and
future projects gentle and the projects the girls want to pursue soon but we can't talk about any of
it yet um and it means like also get like a more i suppose like a more intimate stream experience of
people like that um like seventeen dollars for a movie ticket that's outrageous um gen two confirmed
live on the stream stocks i remember the first time i did this quest i was so nervous about like
all the guards coming at me but they don't even care hanged man to we we hingees well you do
watch together streams for members i absolutely would love to do that yes we can a hundred percent
do that gen two spoiled live no clickbait oh you just wait until the zers don't a thumb for that
if you want to see one of the concepts but not all
i don't really talk about it in the server with the girls out of respect because of uh
a miscommunication on my part and honestly it's kind of easier it's much easier to go
you know oh shit my bad you're right then to like explain in mass detail like what the
most communication was you know like it is what it is
gen two is just she be with a different voice and a real color
i'm actually getting her take this a chocolate skin at some point i'm probably doing it within
the next one i brought in the coin and what not at all we're just skipping through the dialogue
that can't be our skin into this look now since our transaction is done i love the gen two memes
but gen one 3d though um the girls are all very interested in 3d the problem is i don't know
i think i'm saying about it i don't have a heart no
you should think about staying the night uh wait i know one of those songs but she doesn't sing it
it's rodrick rodrick there's nothing like a good song to lift the spirit sure what can i do for you
um no there once was a hero named ragnar the rest
who came riding to white run from old rodrick stand
all this ragged and ragged and brandish his blade as he told the old stories and gold that he made
i can't remember the rest i need the rest of it
it's in another end i said another end she doesn't go here right we're just gonna if you
want to skip this quest literally just time sink and he will teleport because it's just such a
whatever way you go about it you know the 3d will be lit yeah i don't have a clue like
they maybe had like such a gorgeous 3d model but i'm like 9 in percent sure that shitting
vr chat um but i don't know what it is and i'm not sure any of the girls have 3d experience
either to help me out the best i can do is like 3d vr chat but i don't know if that's
disappointing for them um i will maybe ask sin sin is vr chat i asked her and i was quite happy
with her model like um and i think that's like what the girls are if they're one 3d like that's all
of god you know um i'll be a learning experience for all vr chat streams being created with you
know could you imagine acs dg sessions in pure chat yeah it's it's not necessarily a lot of work
because i just oh you can't wait in this location dumb game we're forcing you east empire company
warehouse i wonder if that was by the british empire british um so this level you're supposed to
like lurk from the sky but yeah i need to offer the girls um what are they called all the trackers
but i myself don't actually know what trackers they need and i don't know what the full price
point is like i've been really open and honest with the girls and been like obviously once
everyone's monetized we can see what kind of money you're earning and if it's good it's bad
like because obviously if the girls money's low they're not going to want to stick around are they
um so i do have some kind of like mildly boosting efforts but it's not really
yeah you know it's kind of when you're on the managing side it's kind of like i can only do
so much with what the girls give me very thankfully the girls are giving me they're all like literally
everyone streamed every single day which was insane uh within reason of course um and like
they're taking it a bit more easy this week which i'm very glad to see we do almost i'm a sneak
increase yeah or do you think he notices me at all yeah no uh there are some really nice uh things
you can do in vr chat i have seen something i didn't what detected me oh oh no he's discovering all
the dead bodies along the way but he doesn't find that suspicious like at all
i don't know if my my poor heart can take stronti in 3d it would be so fun because you can see how
like animated at um i thought about doing a dance 3d stream where like i play music
that you guys suggest and like we just dance and drink and stuff i don't know is that weird
just a body nothing so so literally oh well mustn't be anything um i thought that would be
cute like rating your songs and stuff but i don't know how good the tracking is like because
i want i want to see my butt jiggle i won't be twerking and stuff
i know the year is transpiring and it's really endearing how committed you are to making sure
everyone eats good both the talents and fun it's right here in my favor i just uh is he gonna just
checked me i mean clearly just doesn't care
if someone go oh um 3d stronti hypnotizes you that'll be interesting like i just don't
know how 3d works at all i think vain or like sony notes are the default for most tracking i've seen
vr avatars with pendulum and spiral tall everyone just the exception
okay so he does a little uh jabate where he actually comes walking back which is why i'm
hanging back right now because he's a wee liar um but yeah 3d definitely on the cards we're just
obviously we're kind of in the recoup funds stage um and kind of seeing where everyone is of
everyone happy like i sent the girls all the message i was like is there anything i can do to
make your experience better like how do you feel after your first week and i got like a lot of
good feedback so um i'm just gonna be getting ready to get the girls shorts more consistently
because it's taking me a hot second to get shorts that i was hoping to at least get them
like two a week out right now it's like one a week oops and that's just because i suck
and i'm gonna fall in the water stronti but don't jiggle jiggle it falls
my money don't jiggle jiggle it falls i like to see you wiggle wiggle for sure
by the way when our membership expected to become available on tomorrow's stream um
i'm gonna get it all set up um and all of that so tomorrow's stream isn't gonna be skyrim
uh we're not gonna do full achievements because i don't know why my achievements aren't working
uh there are enemies all over here but you can just go swinging
you picked a bad time to get lost i think if
this is no there is a health potion stacked over there somewhere i remember correctly
oh i thought there was a health potion here i guess no it's just wine close enough
we can sell these potion of strength so there's just spiders in there i don't know if there's
anything else you can just go willy nilly through this it's not really um no magic i hate magic
i don't want to go i can literally hear that spider in that cave it's membership gonna stream
yeah it's tomorrow so the the skyrim part two is getting steam rolled over to make way for the
monetization stream and then i'm like a hundred percent sure you guys know exactly what i'm doing
tomorrow it's not even gonna be a surprise at this point um but just yeah this is just gonna be a
one-off skyrim achievement if the achievements were working then yeah but i don't know why they're
not uh so we might actually do a calming a bit earlier than expected she be as live again yes
she be cotton boom any any cotton boom um oh my yeah oh he's armored up
who's next archer i have no idea what she's doing i'm just stupid to figure out are you
wait do you know do you guys wait just take a guess at what you think my monetization stream
tomorrow is take a guess and i'll see if you guys know i'll tell you if you got it right or not
right where's the guy you should be here oh there is
right yeah feet yeah okay feet stream it's feet ASMR i'm gonna have the camera
on my feet and because i have dexterity in my toes i'm literally gonna hold the ASMR
tools with my toes and do like ASMR feet stream that's fine yeah feet yeah it's ridiculous i know
yeah i know it's ridiculous but i thought it was funny as anything and because my model has like
french tip toes i thought like yeah this is perfect i don't think my other toes are gonna
heal in time for it though unfortunately it's pretty mangled i don't i don't think i have to go to
the doctor i think i have to go to the doctor if it starts getting inflamed you needed to know more
now tell you what consider me your new friend in the north i'm keeping the deed any objections
consider it a carlaya didn't even want it why did carlaya purchase the golden state now that i know
who she may even uh if i was maven exactly this carlaya must have spent a lot of time
would be demonetized i mean can you get demonetized it's literally just fee like uh if you cannot
take away the ha ha funny from it it's literally just the body part and ASMR and like me is that
dog um i heard that
gods could you get any more perfect last the only concept i came up for like my monetization celebration
people walk on their feet all the time yeah like i just think it's more like funny ha ha than it is
like anything else but like i this time so i don't keep repeating it but i generally like
feel so feminine now that i've got like my little manicure pedicure like i felt so pampered like i was
completely uncomfortable with the entire situation but i did feel really pampered and i was like oh
this is actually kind of nice hold on a minute hold on a minute these gender norms have hands
god damn it not again i've fallen for another one this is too difficult it's too difficult i can't
resist i thought i could can you really not jump this oh fine you are very feminine literally like
apparently my hands are super small as well like oh these gender norms have hands foot rubs though
i will admit the foot rub that felt like heavenly oh my god like my like brain was like a wire and
funny i was like hold on this is like super relaxing i can't believe it all the freaking
stereotypes about whamming like in foot rubs are true it's awful i felt i felt so good though i was
like damn i need a need a reflin right now i need a need a sacrificial a sacrificial reflin right
now oh can i do that at the convention if we do a convention oh my god i'm literally going through
all the sky room right now just to get to the other side of the map
e strong easy girl i can't believe it i'm more impressed with how dexterity how much dexterity
you have for your toes honestly my grippers on a rung you'll never guess what i'm sitting on right
take a guess what did you need i volunteer literally should i just do that where you're
like massage my feet at the convention uh he said oh wait no i have sweaty feet
oh i can't let yous do that the reason why the women could do it is because i had to put my
feet in like this little water bath so she had no clue that she was dealing with the sweaty feet
so we're now learning that carlaya is this evil evil trying to take down the thieves guild so
we're gonna meet and mercer free or sorry mercer free and i if you want the correct english are
going to go and confront them um and it's called scoundrels foley oh no i've just completed that
i'm actually such a lawyer oh wait i need i'm freaking sick it says exchange a piece of armor
but we're about to get more armor anyway so it's fine don't worry guys i'll take one for the team
everyone here volunteer and to be sacrificial refund not for refunds what have i done is honestly
uh no way this is like the closest landmark
it's gonna be a bit of a walk i feel like i'm still level one why do i refuse to level up
is level up
it doesn't matter what you're sitting on we cry because it's not us
right there's someone on i don't know if you guys like you swear much but there's someone on
twitter literally called like mummy's chair and uh freaking heho every time i see them i'm like
that name's hilarious like your guys's names on runescape were hilarious as well and you guys
so funny
just travel to whiterun stable and buy a carry oh you are actually so correct however we might
meet sisero on the road so there is a chance i have faith let's run that guy literally not
down the skin whoa who are you oh you're a kaji are you marquette the liar
you don't wish me well oh what do you have on your prayer skimmer he's getting high if you
didn't know the kaji have a really bad habit with skimmer
you found him i knew i recognized i was like is that the liar
of course he's a skimmer literally got nothing on his persons but three skimmer he is set for life
oh my god we flings we have reform
look at that chicken butt chicken butt chicken butt what oh Lydia no way she dances with me what
what chicken butt what what chicken butt no no no no no no no no i like how she mimics me
chicken chicken chicken chicken chicken oh look it's your egg oh you have so many eggs oh my god this
is exactly what i want is this what older like chicken head covers are still like that's amazing
oh my god i would absolutely love to do a stream about the domestication of animals as well think of
how many endless animal species we have and there's only i think 11 domesticated species isn't that
amazing although there was one russian guy who tried to domesticate foxes and he actually got
really far but it does take years and years and you can hypnotize the chicken by drawing the line
and dirt in front of them oh oh i was a little moan to hit there please email them thank you
there's a little shack down here
domesticated foxes would be adorable they would oh there's a bear in this shack i recognize this
place from many i totally i've never heard a wolf how will like that before but
Lydia can you deal with them so i don't have to slow down i'm trying to make it to the location
there is probably bandits here actually that's one thing i do have to complain about scarring
there's like bandits in every freaking place ever literally i've not even approached this
landmark and it's like yeah bandits by the way it's like bro i didn't even get a freaking chance
to breathe there's always a bear foxes are difficult the worst part is they pee on everything
fox girl gen 2 confirmed made it into peeler confirmed right there's a stable over here so
we're gonna head for it what's the difference between taming and domesticating
taming is temporary friendship whereas domestication anyone can take over with it i think
because you can tame a wild hedgehog but you can't domesticate it
yeah no that kind of sounds like i'm on the right tracks but i did just i don't actually know the
real can you please discover that thank you peeler my beloved peeler confirmed by strongy
fox girl for peeler oh my only reason they're in is because of the the content the girls like to put
up domestication is an extremely long process of taming yes i would agree with that statement
well they put fast travel on so they had to compensate for people who'd fast travel instead
of walk and they need more bandits oh bro every time you want to walk like two centimeters of the
game's like enemy enemy enemy enemy taming is when you train a wild animal to be friendly
around humans domestications when you breed an animal over multiple generations to benefit a human
yes so a lot of people don't know that sheep um infinitely grow will that's because of human
selective breeding that they produce so much will and they've now require to be shaved like
you ever hear those stories that make the news that's like this sheep evaded the farmer for five
years and he has five years of like mats on him and the only reason that's actually even mildly
possible is because he was bred that way he was bred to produce like copious amounts of wool
and and it's like the same for horses you know how horses need little clippy cloppy horses
the reason for that is because of selective breeding and and horse in the wild will naturally wear
down it's rocks it's hooves on rocks and stuff like that and what is going on here who's this rk
um right yeah silkworms we use for silk can't survive in the world yeah i would really love to
do a domestication thing um i'd love to do a history one i just saw that on a per Fox
that wolf garden huh i don't think i've ever seen a sheep on the news yeah when you come from Scotland
sometimes the news is rather bland um you know not a lot going on in school if you watch the
Scottish news oh no he didn't meet why why does the horse who's horse is that hello i'm sorry i'm late
hydration check i've scouted the ruins and i'm certain carlaya is still inside
you saw her no i found her horse don't take care of it the horse didn't need to perish
let's get moving i want to catch her inside while she's distracted take the lead you want me to
lead understood just make certain you keep your eyes open carlaya is a selectively breeding
stuff for you can't say that that's hilarious you can't say that oh my god
that's so true what the fuck that's so funny i'm sorry i can't even laugh at that that's so funny
i'd rather the news be bland than hyperpolarizing oh i don't even consume the news anymore where
where are you bro i can hear your armor what are you doing okay there you are jeez
it's ironic because she's growing so much will have actually become a deficient sheep farmers
don't make any money from those synthetic fibers if the police will we have to go back
we need to go back please please no more plastic i'd like
same i hate watching the yeah like it's just unwatchable it just you you will finish a news
broadcast um and you're just like wow i hate life and it was like don't if if you consume things
that like genuinely make you more upset at the end of them it's it can be quite addictive and
comforting to like watch it in the moment but when you realize it's bad for you like you can just
kind of poach trump on it you know come back another time uh there are drogger up ahead but
it's not anything you can't handle the drogger i'm actually gonna loot them the reason because
a lot of drogger drop um soul gems which i'm needing a heck of a lot more of
i said they drop soul gems
soul gems se o a o gems i can see that but i don't mean whoa okay sorry i'm sorry please
forgive me for pill in the lever i didn't mean i promise i won't do it again
okay they're just dropping gems i couldn't freaking
uh i didn't even get a chance to wiggle it
no no
oh
oh potions lovely i'll sell them for pennies honestly will is still warm even wait sorry
sorry i was looking at the corner of my eye oh
i can so ends the lesson uh drogger don't usually have soul gems wait who do i think
have soul gems on them oh the the centaurians have um the the good golden guys no
i'm like going left side i'm like okay there we go so many soul gems okay they just have gold on
them apparently we get it
your feeble attempts he's like so into it
nope don't ask me how long it took me to find the opening to this so my first playthrough
it's so painful this was my first ever um skyrim game actually my dad played morrowind um
but my my favorite thing about morrowind is that you can just jump on the spot um
and then like you level up your stamina it's quite interesting
you mean elder school's game yeah wait what did i say my first skyrim game
i'm like dumb dumb
and he i was gonna say it's even oh no not me right now ryan hey strongy i wanted to ask you
something yeah i know you can speak scott but i was curious to know if you knew gaelic as well
cause if i remember correctly there's not that many people left in scotland that can speak it
no they don't teach us that uh if you come from the mainland you don't learn gaelic at all um
it's basically a dying language because they refuse to teach it to the next generation
i don't know if it's gonna change i hope it'll change in the future but sadly no i do not speak
gaelic which is just how it is they do not teach it and oh pretty ship
um but thank you for the tip narrow yes uh very sadly they they don't teach it uh if you're
from the mainland of scotland and i am from the mainland of scotland if you didn't know lovely
little uh skull wait no did i mean to do that i don't think i meant to do that did i um
if i didn't come from the mainland and i came from the shetland for example which is at the north
some it's okay if you don't really know scotland that well um where the heck is this red on the
map did i get up am i going the right way
yell skeever okay i'm going the right way i don't know how to do that
that's so sad gaelic is one of the very few Celtic languages i left yeah like um
scotland and ireland and all that were like pagan
fuck it hell this is all enemies got enemies got a lot of enemies i'm just swinging i'm just swinging
it around like new ones business honestly me if i was a guy i'd be elephant and that stuff up
wow wow i'm 42 i'm leveling up faster than my fishing and runescape
right although you still need a trans a translator for glass region yes the scots is the
he just like went flying uh you really wanted that um
there's poison darts if i remember correctly yeah i'm just too good i just remember everything
um yes i am very lucky that i do have scots at least which is recognized as its own language
which is really cool uh i know it sounds like i'm like speaking it's because i don't use slang
at all like at all uh oh we're almost there oh we're almost there yeah i don't yeah i don't
need to um
uh i'm completely for all what was the happen about i hate these guys because they can yeah
they can disarm you which i don't like wait he he has special
huh i've never seen this before this is not freaking xbox certified flawed barla stone
what the heck is that why why did why did pc yell these cool things what the heck is a wireless
stone can you do a fool on scottish stream uh i mean if you mean slang i can only really do it
for like a couple of minutes because it's just like i get more mumbly and like oh good morning
good evening good afternoon and all that who's it going like it just does they really sound that
good and i don't think it's that relaxing either like and i kind of hate to put it on because
my mom was like no then he speaks slang in the house so i didn't and then obviously being an
online creator it's a complete opposite everyone wants to hear you with a slang in every hand and
it's like oh right then i guess it's a bit uh it's a bit forced because i was discouraged from
speaking slang these doors have a weakness pc got updates xbox charges per update thus pc got
lots of content and xbox charges per update headed in on that
uh it's just a bit pointless like when english is still common yeah like oh
i ain't looking good i ain't looking good i'm gonna take a nap right here
can you talk dirty scott if you want
and a member stream sure yeah i remember liby saying some scott's can't pronounce but yeah
so if i say it how about normally a nuncy purple burglar alarm like i can't do it but if i put
on a harsh accent my tongue gets caught at the back of my mouth like a purple burglar alarm like
a la la la la you can hear that yuki's temper is gone forever
it was the first lesson gallus talk to us hey sweet ania
still be alive gallus had his wealth and he had you all he had to do was look the other way
did you forget the oath we talk as nightingale did you expect him to simply ignore your methods
and all the most recent versions of the game my ps4 even got these updates from the night
it's time for you and gallus to become reunited okay lol it's okay you're still very door but
snap it will make me blue i was going to make you say purple burglar after my first
super chat i said that before she was like how long until someone asked for purple burglar alarm
because it's quite common to be asked to say it and like i hope i don't sound midi like when i
do it because i'm like for people who watch long term they'll know like how often i get asked it
but for people who like pop in for the first time i don't want to be rude and be like uh
like i've already said it like five times today like i get the max it's different like i don't
want to be rude like that uh you know what fuck off sin sister
hi sin honestly he sins his regard yeah we need i need to throw back on the tax
spitting on the beat oh right no let's not finish that one um you need to do a song cover with me
like a scottish one what's that i'm just like forcing you to collab with me geez actually i need to
do an ASMR collab with you as well if i'm all out um easy how are you feeling uh uh hold on you shot
me carlaya no i saved your life my arrow was tipped with a unique if you're gonna be rude at
least over your best accent had i intended to kill we wouldn't be having this conversation
why save me my original intention was to use that arrow on mercer but i never had a clear shot
i made a split oh hi lydia two girls give you a
fucking street oh my god that's awful then i'm in your d that's all no i meant i meant like a youtube
like wholesome club but if you want to do one like that i ain't stopping you i am
alive to to tourist attraction girls show you how good scottland can really be
that's ridiculous you can't say that i wish i knew
perhaps it could be translated it's the only outsider that there were things we're
here take these as well they prove useful for your journey uh thank you hard answers speak with
right we need to go talk to a little at winter hold
hi hen let me sit here and laugh through your dirty weekend
it's so cursed scottishly smart it's so cursed it's terrible i did a i did a plot recently
sin and it was like it picks on you at a party and it was like oh what are you doing on your own
oh no your girlfriend's gonna be mad oh you've no got a girlfriend right come with me come with me
come into this room oh i like that there's no locks on this door oh yeah oh we might get caught
oh and it's just awful you make it sound like we don't like it i think it just makes me grimace
call me a shake because it makes me grimace do the Harlem shake
whoop whoop whoop whoop whoop whoop whoop whoop and folk wonder why folk would default America for
audios what a folk actually what that show oh i'm getting absolutely right today hold on
i completely missed that swing but oh that i don't want to slow more like come on that will
just hunt and i'm not being funny we have successfully eradicated oh what's this oh what's
going on here we need to find our way to solid you oh what's this
oh that's related to the dark brotherhood so Cicero could have been there but Cicero wasn't
i'm just gonna discover this a mating complex just because whistling may oh mercy can't whistle
by the way literally scottie is the most complete point you see awful i say it's absolutely amazing
yeah apparently mercy can't whistle only discovered that yesterday i'm like uh what do you mean you
can't whistle i was like oh my god her mouth is so small that it will and ironically though
that's candy whistle and then she went we love your accent we found out recently too
you know she tried it with you i might just to just to ramp up the maximum embarrassment
i might clip it uh and make it short on her channel and be like a adorable uh vtuber tries
to whistle or something like that and it's just her just going i can't whistle lung problems
so god damn you got cystic fibrosis need pop you on the wee wiggle machine would i call it
the the lung wiggle machine
i didn't learn to whistle until 16 mm it took me so long to get it like my grandad can do that thing
where you put like two fingers at the corner of your mouth and then go hewie i can't do that but
it's ear piercingly low like ear piercingly low that'd be great mercy is adorable of me
i'm sorry could you describe the smell can i help you with anything else
carlaya do you have gallas's journal yes but there's a problem no this is do a video
one thing that each member can't do whistles for mercy no uh mine's like maybe mine's like
don't stream for the day that'll be my challenge don't don't accidentally do an endurance
right speak to who i'm just getting bounced around this map you know that
would you like me to describe the smell or will i get you a box
wait that's a lord of the rings reference wait a minute i recognize that lord of the
rings reference anywhere because no one says get me a box oh something all the way
why why are you putting me places i haven't discovered before
time to decor
well i didn't mean that for those who want to recover magical faster but are more susceptible
to damage well that's an absolute rubbish payoff now stroney will say something that
involves rolling arse oh what's wrong rifling do you not like the way i say my arse
after almost five hours of hearing your stream at two times i'm finally caught up
hi you can listen to me normally i promise i'm not a squeaker i'm sorry you thought i was a squeaker
why is there spitters
come here no come here i just want to talk i want to shake your hand i want to shake your hand
what was that about
the apprentice don't suck no stream for one day we'll get separation i say brav i've been waking
up with the worst anxiety ever and i'm but it goes away the moment i stream and i'm like
shit i literally there's a hag in this hot i am like 99 percent sure that i remember a hag
being in this hot hold on am i going crazy is this not got a big beast in it oh no it's a person
oh oh he didn't make it hold on
oh well there you go speak to cruise to it for i thought this was the hot
hi mommy i'm back from my jog yay you didn't get a bone bone more jogging
so congrats on your work remember to replenish your electrolytes by adding
salt extra salt into your diet the mutual separation anxiety is bad i mean it's like good and bad
like but when i wake up it's like like that kind of things i but like as soon as i like start like
setting up my pc i make like a cup of honey
oh my god you're so adorable mud crab for gen 2 confirmed oh you're so cute i love you i'm not
even gonna hurt you he's just a little aggressive okay he's just a wee bit aggressive the hack out
you're thinking of is outside riverwood oh this looks like a dragon's grave if i've ever seen one
or not maybe not i don't know
hey crab girl sees a creature gen 2 confirmed i'm just teasing you guys with that by the way
merchant's journal okay hold on
what happened here i begged my husband not to go but he just wouldn't listen he said if
he delayed the shipment even another week the legion would find someone else to take it
south let them keep their blasted money the road to white run is dangerous he says everyone knows
that so many caravans have been attacked so many travelers vanishing in thin air some say it's
only bandits but they're rumors are worse goblins ghosts and witches 20 years we've been married
now and i can't bear the thought of losing them i'm not letting them go alone not this time we'll
deliver die together together mara preservas oh where's the man oh no
oh who to who to uh it's terrible picks up coins oh who did that that's terrible
uh coconut crab vtuber oh isn't that not that massive gigantic crab
v sucky is gen 2's name by the way yeah gen 2 already i already have the logos for gen 2 and
three maids um because they were they it was like cheap and it was like i might as well well as the
matter because i already know what i'm gonna call them i'm just gonna discover this location
i don't know if we're gonna start going against the force one shortly there are another
type of bandits essentially uh right how'd i get around i guess i get around oh no rubs corpses
look they're not gonna need it let's be honest they're not gonna need that those nine coins
gen 3 spoiled no there's absolutely nothing planned of gen 3 i don't even know what concepts i want
um and stroney did you see what you want yes what i want i submit what i want and then i get back
something and then i keep going to the drawing board that's how it works so you're at my mercy
shoulda picked mercy you can't purchase in the afterlife gen 6 confront absolutely no i i am done
birthing any children after gen 3 i mean it's also like uh there's a whole other thing to it
there's actually a whole other trust factor as well like gen one i completely trust whole heartedly
like i did my thorough research on the girls and like when i when i did the interview like i never
got any bad vibes or whatever um which sounds terrible like oh you did an interview like an
informal interview and went off of was there bad vibes or not and the answer is yeah i did actually
um because and when you hear people talk you can get a sense of like especially when they
expected like a super um like a super professional thing and you're just like oh surprise it's
actually just me me man uh here's here's the rules type thing um mercy's patreon just went live oh she
got an update i can't even remember what her update was i i don't know i don't know what the tags are
even though i was the one who put that up there for her sounds like you got a trust your gut yeah
like i get described as naive a lot which i honestly don't mind i actually genuinely agree with that
and kind of assassin sorry i'm just trying to hit loads of markers along the way so we can just
backtrack like this super easily um oh is this like a little hunter's lodge thing going on oh it's
like a little campsite oh just we eat and good tonight after three generations there's a real
risk of bad actors trying to get in it yeah so because i need to choose my words carefully
but i hope you can agree with um my my my thought process but it may not be reality because it's
just my thought process um it is very plausible that there were v-tubers who were interested but
didn't apply because they wanted the guaranteed success of gen 2 like to see what gen 1 achieved
to see what gen 2 achieved because not that they didn't put their faith in the plan
um it's not so obviously you want to you want to be a part something that's successful let's wait
am i on the right way or am i on the wrong way no i'm gonna run um i need to try and think of
my sense just like i'm really happy with gen 1 and everyone is good basically however the rate
as you said the rate of a bad actor coming into play does get higher um
but hopefully you know there's girls like with you know plenty of experience and i can just
see and assess them you don't want to risk the gamble yes it's like i don't know how to say that
i just knew all the girl i'm trying to have a really nice moment talking about my girls okay um
the risk does get higher when new people are introduced that may not have previous history
like um what the heck what am i trying to where the heck am i trying to go you can't see me
um
i think you're doing the right thing you don't want to feel like you're
investing your time into the wrong thing yes that like um i did speak of someone who applied
and then i went on their twitch just to check them out in general and they spoke about how
they only want to hang around for one year and then send their audience to their old account
and the quote was like because the creator seems so chill or something
and i got an in route um and it was just like kind of shocking and it does like kind of slap
me back to reality that like people who apply they might not actually want to hang around and
achieve like loads of goals they might just do it to go do their own thing the lover stone this
this always feels the comforts love all skills improve faster if all skills improve faster than
sure call me the lover stone who would put that on social me out wow wow you know that really
happened um they applied their application and i pretty much checked out everyone's stream
um uh after they applied just to see what they were putting out there because um there was a
very notable trend of people applying and then all of a sudden their stream uh consistency
ramped up because they were getting assessed and they were aware they were getting assessed uh
i don't think i didn't notice that if you were one of those girls um uh there was also stream
variety came out nowhere some people were very glued to one type of game zero um um and all of
a sudden they start doing a variety of games kind of showing that they can uh play a different
among the games um but yes um i did get to experience someone who openly admitted that they
basically applied but couldn't care less about the actual longevity of violour and it is quite
scary to think that there's a possibility that even through my vetting process um there is a team
who also assessed uh the girls that get in as well um and maybe at a later date i can maybe speak a bit
more about it i think now is a bit too sensitive of a time because obviously it's only been
one week excuse me sorry just dealing with this guy
uh he is a very bad man do not trust him are you good
oh good thank you here well what do we get i think we get a gold band from or something
uh why were they after you no um does that affect your judgment what does what affect
my judgment i'm so sorry you're gonna have to go over that again i'm sorry i completely forget uh
what my like previous sense was azure's voice was too perfect for the character yes i i did
admit that if azura did not accept uh i was essentially up shit creek because everyone
who applied i was not satisfied with their fit for the voice i did say though i said it before
anyone's like that's not fair they were born that way they just got in uh what about rooting for
the underdog okay you know fuck off um this agency isn't for fucking like sorry i do get a bit
passionate about like fuck off mom you never fucking cheered for the underdog in your life
like sharp it's you and zeal you idiot i i'm sorry i just choked on my bullet i'm getting a bit too
uppity ah sorry that really hurt oh how can i help you sorry
persistent aren't you oh very well oh am i to stand in the way by gen three stroney stroney's
gonna need to recruit reefland spies to be in the applications inner circle honestly i love seeing
you get passionate about it all oh it's it's honestly fascinating stuff to be behind the scenes
um i absolutely wait what
okay what
i have been the artifacts i've discovered in the shun zeal wait one day i've only
then you i'm calling it cal so sorry i'm just freaking you must be mad to think i
while being an admirer i'm sure you can i'm not certain how many scholars you're accustomed to
dealing very well uh whatever and uh we did give us a key so i think we can just go for it can
each of us reincarnate into another model jimmy for those who apply we
the dwemer museum isn't open to anyone uh because cal you have a problem with that
go talk to him i have a problem with it all
i don't have freaking out okay hold on a little to the left
oh oh oh
now everyone knows i suck at luck girl hold on
you stop shaking at me
yeah that's what i thought don't talk to me don't talk to me bro
all right uh
i don't think we can sneak through here i think they attacked me
stop it right there uh
i'd rather die than go to prison fucking hell this is a bit dramatic but i think we're doing it
uh oh i missed i missed i missed sorry i'm sorry sorry about that oh chat oh i missed again
right see this freaking straight when you do the stamina effect
did you go and stab him in the back like he's actually right there lidia
yeah i know you're on my side but you're in the faking way and i'm literally getting battered
about the head right that's it lidia lidia lidia we're having a level up that's a freaking annoying
you are it will do some stamina but i just do health and shoes um right give me two handed
i missed this champion stance power attacks to less attacks to a battleaxe great sword warhammer
yeah let's just do that and then what are these i've got three more perks
light armor sure why not she'll do it
can't add a bounty to the reach if they're all dead and no one knows what the bounty's about
ah
oh lidia's on the ground
ah oh my bounty's getting big
oh perish only guilty if you get caught
what is that noise ew what is that noise
right this is the way to victory let's go
should put some points into restoration i don't know how to access
easy easy
easy
upper wee bit easy easy
how am i so rubbish i used to be so good on like this
upper bit
but
that's how that i wanted me
uh right what's the dealio way against oh we need soul gems oh we love soul gems
oh wait hold on hold on the analog stick analog stick please work with me here
uh control rod no i can't really be worse with him
uh we're gonna be looting the the ever living daylights of my what oh god i've forgotten this
no no one's here go home wizards guard oh shoot i one shot them
um
you have a healing spell by default that's true oh i got a key finally good tell me
why i have to grab the key does everyone have a key okay that's it uh let's get
bored into the dwelmer rooms no not in here at all please forgive
oh my god i'm one shotting them now that i've actually upgraded my thing
oh it's loud in these parts my headset is very loud
dunny it turned down the master volume
let's get down to business to defeat the wizards guards
when they shoot their arrows you are what the heck i'm definitely not supposed to go in that
this green
i pick up everything i never know when to stop is this it
wait am i going crazy that's gonna poison me yeah yeah i knew it
okay
am i i thought you were supposed to go that way no i just took poison damage for the hell
a bit i was so fun i should do that again not wait did i not come from here
what am i who or have i gone the completely wrong way
okay i think i'm i may have
i think i went completely the wrong way pardon me i took it take a look at me
uh it's barred from the other side so i was going the right freaking way
uh right okay let's try again
okay i'm sure i can figure it out when i get there i feel like a some secret offer
no these are these are living quarters you're the stealthiest thief ever strong
and no one will see you if they're dead exactly i don't know why that's still going
because i pulled a lever uh i think i did it on the other side of the poison
uh i guess if you wanted to be stealth you could just go through the poison
but we'll just go for it
we're going we're going we're going
i'm being a dome dome okay turn that off
right there so it's quiet and then up the stairs literally they were right there
and i walked away from them it's just feeling quirky okay just feeling misunderstood
oh
just let it happen just let it happen just let it happen just let it happen
it's okay just let it happen
just let it happen
just let it happen it's okay it's okay just let it happen
Mmm, big potatoes.
Just, oh, 20.
Enchanting!
That's good.
That would be like enchanting up in here.
Just let it happen.
Okay, we don't really need to...
Oh, the box!
We need that.
Mmm, is this the barred door?
It was!
Okay, we've now got the shark cut up.
So what's this?
It's a chest.
Ah, and then what's that?
That's just the other side of the map.
Oh my god, we did it.
It's not war crime.
It's just a cute girl.
Me committing war crimes?
Stop, you're making me laugh.
Oh my gosh, I'm so turned around.
It's been so long since I've done this.
It's called Barbarian Stealth.
Honestly, I actually really like that description for my thingy.
I've always tried to do...
What the heck?
Jump shot.
Oh, right.
Wait, what?
Where's the...
There's a tic-tac to leave there.
I don't think there's any enemies until they come in.
We just need to pick up some charcoal and a piece of paper,
steal the paper, steal the charcoal.
It took me so long to figure out this area.
Heavy armor increased to 16.
It wasn't really worth the level up, but hey, we did it.
I'm going to break some...
Break it down now.
Oh, look at that.
Look at that.
We do have a bow and arrow.
Fire damage?
Soul trap?
Maybe...
No, maybe not a soul trap on us.
I would say fire damage.
Take a little burn.
Now, what pet are your...
Bubbish.
You know Seagrog method of stealth, honestly.
Look, if it works, is there...
Is there truly a point?
Is there truly a point?
Right, so the enemies do come in here.
Obviously, because we are playing on legendary mode,
and I'm just so MLG pro.
Excuse me.
We're just going to one-shot them, confidently.
We are just going to one-shot them, confidently.
We are just going to one-shot them.
Nice and confidently.
No problems.
Acutely commits crimes against humans, honestly.
Have you played Ghost of Toshima?
I haven't.
One shot, 100%.
Return to the guy.
Where's the guy?
Is he in here?
Oh, return to the guy guy.
Return to the guy.
Walk on.
Why the heck does it make me go backwards?
It says games, but...
The mapping is a bit rough.
Can I loot this account?
They're so good.
Wait, are the guards going to attack me?
Are the Marker of Guards going to attack me? I'll pick them out.
I come back and see you're still in- Eh, no!
I'm sorry but these accusations are unfounded. I'm not a novice, I'm a legendary, clearly.
Look, I'm sorry to your untrained eye, but when you get really good at the game, it just
makes things- Why did it do that? Why did you do that?
Why does the game do that? Honestly, I could fart on it something.
Yeah, just- It's because I'm such a high-skilled level, it makes it appear to be a very easy level.
So please don't worry about it.
No, okay.
The mages don't let us go into the hall. The mages don't let us go into the hall.
I've played this game for two- Eh, how dare you?
Why is the child in the basement?
Right, here's the translations, bro.
I'm rubbing, eh?
When you're amazing, you make everything look easy. Yeah, legendary keyboard.
See how that's not valued at 50? It's not going to teach you nothing.
Don't open that book.
Maybe sometime you should judge a bit, but cover.
It appears that Gallus had suspicions about Mercer Frey's allegiance to the guild for
months.
Mercer Frey is the baddie! Dun, dun, dun!
A very lavish lifestyle, replete with spending vast amounts of gold on personal pleasures.
That's actually my specialty.
And yes, Gallus seems certain that Mercer had been removing funds from the guild's treasury
without anyone's knowledge.
Anything else, Enzo? Anything about the Nightingales?
The Nightingales!
The last few pages seem to describe the failure of the Nightingales, although it doesn't go
into great detail.
Gallus also repeatedly mentions his strong belief that Mercer desecrated something known
as the Twilight Sepulcher.
Shadows preserve us, so it's true.
She bald under that hood!
She's not familiar with the Twilight Sepulcher, but what is it?
What's Mercer Frey done?
The Annoying Hunt is actually the bad guy.
I'm shocked! Color of me surprised.
The gold and right in standards by the dev team.
What's called express.
Bald! It always annoyed me.
When you put on a hood, your hair gets removed and it annoys me so much.
It's just such a...
Get away from me!
Excuse you, anyone talking to you?
Listen, all I want is the truth to be revealed to the guild.
They respected Carlyer and she deserves better.
Do whatever you can and I'd consider it a personal favor.
Sure! Thank you!
You ever managed to gain entry to the college and you find trying to rid yourself of stolen
goods?
He's a fan!
I've been known to handle items of questionable interest from time to time.
Questionable interest or like that.
You must hasten to rift in before Mercer can do any more.
You must hasten to rift in!
You've come this far, so I see no harm in conceiving it any longer.
Bald gen two member confirmed!
No! No!
Say it ain't so!
I will not go, turn the lights off, carry me home!
Oh my god, members karaoke, I can absolutely wreck my voice on that.
I can get beer!
I can get beer!
And we can do membership karaoke!
And I can do song requests, like you guys put it together, oh I'm pretty good.
And drink to your family, drink it with your friends, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.
Beer they only drink is made for you, you'll drink till you spew, ew!
Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm.
Carla currently and kindly explaining the nightingale lore in her relationship to Gaelas,
whilst I sing that one beer parody song that had that Lego animation.
Why are you in the basement child?
I'm getting, I'm getting weirded out.
Get, just leave me alone!
Get away!
Creepy wee thing, honestly.
And you sing Flare of Scotland, no I have to be hate music, I'm not singing, I'm not getting drunk and going
Oh, Flare of Scotland, when will we see our life again?
Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm.
I don't know why national songs insist on going so high.
Like, they, can't you not just, give me one song where like the decibels, the decibels, like the notes in it are just like really common and everyone can sing it.
Donald, where are your choosers?
What's that song? I think I've ever heard of it.
I missed beer whilst I was grabbing a drink.
No, no, no, we're gonna do like drunk membership thingy.
Back to where I am.
Petra also bad poops in.
I'm ready, let's go.
I was gonna force us to sing Christmas carols on Christmas.
I like A Wee and a Manger.
A Wee and a Manger.
No crib for a pit.
Why does it go so high pitch?
Why can't they not just have a song that's like down here?
No crib for a bed.
The little Lord Jesus laid down his sweet head.
The cattle are lowing.
Oh yeah, I was gonna force you guys to do like freaking Christmas songs with me and then we watch Lord of the Rings on Christmas.
Let the winds blow high, let the winds blow to the streets and my cattle go.
Although as you say, oh Donald, where are you?
What the frick, I've never heard that.
Do your tit-sangle, do they wobble to the floor?
I can't say that, I'm sorry.
I'm getting a bit, I'm getting a bit delirious, hold on a minute.
You've never heard that song before?
I've never heard that song before.
Now what's this song called?
I've got a sister.
She's not even drunk yet.
Just talking about alcohol is getting me steaming.
It's making me lose the plot.
Let me see.
No, it can't be.
No, it can't be.
What's that mean?
I've known Mercer too long.
He quoted the main.
The floor?
Yeah, it's a bit dark.
We're currently in the sewers.
Right under your nose.
Do they wobble to the floor?
Can you tie them in the knot?
Can you tie them in a bow?
My kami oshii hates Mongolian throat singing.
It's because cats don't like the sound of that vibration
that Mongolian throat singing provides.
So thus, I don't like it.
I don't like vibrations.
That rrrrrrrrr.
No, bad.
Cats don't like it.
It makes their ears go back.
So it makes my ears go back.
The world's greatest thieves live in a sewer.
Down in the sewer.
Ever listen to the nasty shrank licks?
Let's go.
The memer is starting to break free.
I want to break free.
My cat licks it.
Your cat does not like Mongolian throat singing
and I will not be taking any further statements.
I assure you, your cat does not like Mongolian throat singing.
Base cat.
Absolutely not.
Are you sure about that?
Rip project when my OSD fans and shambles
due to the Mongolian throat singing hate.
Me, my life away.
I was so hard to sing that.
Any song is hard to sing.
My voice is so frazzled.
I'm just a memer.
I mean my life away.
Sorry, the thieves gold are now just revealing
that Mercer has betrayed them for many years
and there's not a penny left for them.
I mean my life away.
Away.
Why is camera the frog in the stream?
Crematy frog here.
I would like to do some karaoke.
Sing your cover live.
He also like rock music.
We doubt you don't like vibrations.
I've got an even funner fact.
I only like it.
Yes, yes, yes.
I killed Gallus, not Carly.
Gallus, Carly and Mercer were Nightingales.
Carly was behind Golden Glow and Honeybrook.
Say it.
The magic button cannot handle the vibration.
But the dirt road home can.
Oh I have permission.
Okay infiltrate Mercer's home.
Oh everyone's on alert.
Alert, alert, Mercer.
Alert, alert.
Oh I bet we are but you should be here.
I don't doubt for one second.
I won't remember that.
Please continue.
Information stored and saved.
Yeah, literally there's no doubt about it.
The tales get it back.
I didn't realise how fake speedish
that all the voice actors accent try to mimic.
It's actually quite jarring.
Be careful.
What are you talking about?
Hello, hello.
This is Mercer Frey's place and he don't like visitors.
Now go away.
I need to get inside Mercer's house please.
No visitors, no way.
Now piss off before you make me mad.
I'll make it worth your while.
You ain't got enough coin to make my problems go away.
Unless you can talk to Maven Blackbriar
and let me out of my debt.
Okay.
Try and set one foot in this yard and I'll cut it off.
Fine, I'll go talk to Maven about big, big,
big stinky, what's your name?
Bald, more like cold because it's freezing outside
and you're not wearing any outfit.
Oh, absolutely rolled and decked.
Hello, America Hiya.
No, no, no, American.
Wednesday is her birthday.
I believe it's the 23rd of August if I'm not mistaken.
All the crime and corruption in Riften
is really getting to him.
And now that we hear rumors about the dragon.
Is she not up?
Where is she?
You have some nerve coming back here
after what you did to Kirado.
He less of a shake.
Where's Maria?
Okay, hold on.
If I put that on, it should show more.
Oh, she is here.
You were there all along.
I presume you're bothering me for a while.
Why would you want to help that idiot?
He owes me a steep debt.
In fact, he's lucky all I did was force him to work.
If he don't want any of it, I'll take a bell for me.
What did he do?
A few years back, I commissioned a unique quill
from a good friend of mine in Winterhold.
Do you think Mercer is a claw?
He's in debt because of a quill?
Is this his quill that's in the freaking lake?
Oh, it's...
Oh, no.
I think it might just be easier to perish this man.
I think it's in a boat.
Oh, goodness me.
It's been many a year.
I think it's in a boat.
I'm gonna have to look at it on the HUD.
Hold on.
I want to say it's like somewhere here.
To the left.
Oh, I could be terribly wrong though,
but there should be a boat.
It started...
It's at the bottom of the lake somewhere.
Thank you for your help, Brief.
No, I really appreciate that.
I am somewhere at the bottom of the lake.
I don't even have water breathing either.
I can't believe you.
You had the audacity to take that out.
You're just trying to upset me.
What's this?
What's that barnacles?
I'm already...
Oh, my...
Oh, wait, wait, wait.
Is this a hint?
Is this a hint?
Hold on, let me breathe.
Is this a hint that maybe you were around here somewhere?
Hold on.
Right.
Should we...
Oh, no.
Right, well, there was a box,
but I guess not.
There's rocks here.
Is that telling me it's here somewhere?
Got that barnacles.
There's more barnacles.
Oh, can you just, like, render distance, please?
Stronius.
Under the water.
You don't want reflins!
Ah, let me breathe.
I seem to think it's, like, the left side.
I saw that storage box.
I think that's the game being, like, hint.
It's over here.
Okay, hold on.
Let me just check again.
I think it's in a broken boat.
It's on the map somewhere str-
Right, I'm not reading chat for the next minute.
You're on time out.
You're done.
I seem to think it's close to the edge of the water.
Wait, oh, this is a bit too close, clearly.
By the bridge?
I don't recall it being by a bridge, to be honest.
You know what, reflin?
What?
Stronius, what do you think of the Indiana Jones game?
I didn't know there was a new one!
Aw, for goodness' sake.
I think I'm off the mark.
Where am I?
Maybe it's, like, down here a bit.
I mean, this is the entire area.
Okay, I'm just gonna do one big glipper on the island.
Why is there so many salmon?
Stronius, I love you.
Don't hate my friends.
Wait, why would I hate your friends?
I thought you weren't looking at us.
Look, I forgive really easily.
Oh no, get up!
Shabee, what are you doing?
Underwater burning.
Drowning.
Okay, I don't think it's up this way,
but we're gonna just do a big circle
for the sake of satisfying myself.
Come up for water often.
Reeflands, remember that Stronius is as much of an addict
as we are.
Scuba, Shabee.
Shabee, making me nervous.
Oh, wait, it may be on one of these islands.
It may be rocked up on a baby island.
Do you know that?
What the heck was that?
I'm rabbit!
Hold on, let's just check the hut again.
Right, we're kind of at the furthest point
of this section of the lake.
I'm not really wanting to go too much further.
It's near the box you found before.
Oh my god, I'm actually getting my hand held.
See, thank you, Reefling.
I actually get my hand held.
I knew it was freaking back there.
I've gone way off course.
Oh my god, I forgive.
Fucking Moncaius.
It's between the big island and Riften.
That's it, I'm giving in.
Skyrimmer's been installed.
Are you happy now?
Oh, have I put you in the Skyrim mid?
Yippee!
I can't help the sarcasm.
I forget where the thing is every time
in Wastehaven I was looking.
Also, it's underwater, not on an island.
Yeah, it's like crashed off of it.
My eyes are currently burning,
opening under the salt water.
Alright, I'm gonna swim.
Alright, that's not it.
These are just textures.
It's not like this, I can't even swim in.
So there's no point.
I'm gonna go buy that box again.
If I could find the box again.
We'll float to the right this time,
not to be confused with the hit TV game.
A little to the left.
I don't know why I said TV game.
Steam game.
So those were the barnacles.
I'm getting swept up.
We're trying to find the quill.
That maven.
I did not realise how rubbish this game is.
Is this for real?
There's like two floating foxes under the camp.
What's going on here?
I can see loads of broken stuff.
Hold on, let me breathe again.
Alright.
Definitely not searchable.
There's like loads of boxes just hanging off the dock.
It just works.
I think you may have floated over it.
It's not by the docks.
Oops.
I like the detail though,
the concept that like it fell off the boat
and they can't retrieve it.
It's quite smart.
This is where I'm on the map.
I'm like messing around here.
Isn't this rock formation maybe?
What the barnacles?
Hold on, let me breathe.
I'm like right...
I'm like freaking...
I'm here.
I doubt it got dropped here.
It just seems so unlikely.
Go straight from the docks towards the island.
Okay.
I'm searching.
I'm searching.
There's salmon.
There's salmon.
There's box.
There's box.
But it's more towards here.
Oh, let me breathe.
Hold on.
Okay.
Okay, this is new.
I don't think we've investigated this.
Maybe we have.
I have a freaking potion of water breathing
that would make this a lot easier.
Water breathing?
Where?
Water breathing!
Oh, hold 15 seconds.
Oh, you're too kind.
You're too kind.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Fucking...
Oh, I'm getting current.
I'm getting drafted away by the current.
Okay, fuck that.
Right, we're doing new one.
Stop! Current, stop!
I can't breathe.
Oh!
Ah!
I've only got 10 lock picks.
Gonna be easy on me.
I'm gonna need to buy some more.
No!
Less?
I'm like...
Is that less or is that more?
Oh!
Gimme that!
Stupid bastard!
You're a quill.
Right.
We did it.
Oh my god, that took a while.
Just get Volsang
and forget about that.
What's Volsang?
She's got it.
If she can open the box, literally.
What's inside the box?
That fucking quill!
You did it.
You're the first person in history to buy lock picks.
They're so common.
I don't want to keep forgetting to fill it.
Hi, do you want a quill?
I found the quill.
Yes.
Okay.
Oh, okay.
Oh, that's Exile.
That's not very nice.
He's made his pals here.
Do you want to reconsider Exile on someone?
That's not very...
That's not very nice.
Have you heard of that?
Have you heard how damaging that can be to someone's social life?
Makes them feel like they're not a part of the community.
Have to, you know, uproot and go elsewhere.
Not nice.
It's trying to suck at this guy room.
I know.
Eh, you.
Come...
Come here.
I can't talk to him yet or he'll be aggressive.
Like...
You.
Psst.
Psst.
Psst.
Psst.
Here.
Over here.
What?
What?
Or Big Vault.
Sorry.
Big Vault.
Oh, oh, he's going to that gate.
Hold on.
If we're fast enough, if we're fast enough, we can go.
We can go talk to him on the other side of that gate.
Vault.
Vault.
Hold on.
Vault.
It's me.
It's me.
No, no, no.
He's come back to the original position.
No, Vault.
Wait, Vault.
Wait.
Let me talk to you.
I just want to talk to you.
I just want to talk to you.
I just want to talk to you.
I just want to talk to you.
Vault.
Vault.
Oh.
I have something for you.
Here.
It's your debt with Maven.
You're free.
What are you doing?
How's he added?
Are you just coming out now?
Oh, he is.
Oh.
Can't talk.
I'm out of here.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Can I just come in this way?
Oh, it's barred.
Wait.
I need a bow and arrow.
Or can I just hit this?
Okay.
No.
You need a bow and arrow.
I was being a bit...
Let me just...
Oh.
Ta-da.
That's how you get the ramp down.
Super fuss.
He's skipping tone.
No reason.
I just subbed to all the girls' accounts.
Heck yeah, dude.
We love supporting gen-mates out here.
Oh, the whole linear.
You animal.
Literally finishing off the kill.
She said, nah, I want to be the reason for death on the death certificate.
Jeez, Louise girl.
The bar is locked in place and cannot be opened.
Okay.
Any money?
Garnet, I'll take you.
I can sell it for some money.
Statue of Debalah.
How about that?
Can I move that one?
Nope.
Can't move that one either.
Okay.
What's in this house then, I guess?
Let's go F myself.
Wait.
What?
This isn't the end.
Hold on.
Right here?
Ah.
Yeah.
Right, I'm not touching anything else.
Suspicious clothes.
Honestly, I wouldn't have figured that out more.
If we ended up a little cheeky here in the portion.
What's this?
I have no idea what this is.
That looks like a trap.
Lydia.
Lydia.
Lydia, stop standing on stuff, Lydia.
Lydia.
Lydia.
I'm getting sliced in days.
Hold on.
I'm getting absolutely chopped up.
Oh, and there's poison doors.
Mine.
Goodness.
You need to relax.
Oh my God.
Money.
Okay, I've got that.
What's this?
Eh.
What even?
What is this book?
I have curiosity.
What's the contents of this book?
I've never actually written it.
Lift her tail.
Certainly not, kind sir.
I am here to clean your chambers.
Is that all you have come?
Is that all you have come here for?
Little one, my chambers.
I have no idea what it is you imply, master.
I am but a poor Argonian maid.
Bro, what?
So you are my dumpling.
And a good one at that.
Such strong legs and shapely tail.
You embarrass me, sir.
Fear not, you're safe with me.
I must finish my cleaning, sir.
The mistress will have my head if I do not.
Cleaning, eh?
I have something for you right here.
Polish my spear.
But it is huge.
It could take me all night.
Plenty of time.
My sweet plenty.
I've never fucking read that.
Oh my god, that's hilarious.
Many thanks.
Not certain how you managed to get your hands on this item we discussed,
but I'm more than pleased.
I thought you'd simply wait until transported to Castle Diver to its final destination
but according to what I've heard, it vanished right from their armory.
I wish I knew how you were able to slip by the guards,
bypass the porticolas,
unlock the armory door and break in at the door of a puzzle-locked chest.
You need to teach me that little trick sometime.
I've left your cut in the usual drop spot
and might have another drop where you soon are.
There's three more books of it.
Oh my god, but I've never...
I knew the books existed.
Wait, what am I doing?
Expert!
Can we do it?
Okay, but we have it.
Easy.
Easy.
Okay, a bit more, I think.
Or maybe it was left, I don't know.
Okay, maybe it's left, you know that.
Easy.
Easy, I'm getting nervous.
Easy.
Alright, we got childrens.
I'll take childrens.
Not a bother at all.
Not a bother at all.
The rat weevils, yes.
Let's go.
Let's go.
I don't remember what way to go.
Is it this one?
Oh no, this is if you want Dragonborn.
Can you stop attacking me?
Whoa, your bull!
It's an imperial bull.
I think an imperial bull is better than what I've got right now.
Although mine does have burn damage, so...
I wish YouTube had other emotes, I know.
YouTube is like very slowly catching up to the appeal of...
I'm not doing any more lockpicking, I don't know.
YouTube is very slowly catching up to what the appeal of Twitch is.
To the point where it is going to take over Twitch, I'm sorry.
It just is.
Why did I drop down?
I've just added so much time to this travel.
I did not recall how long it takes to place Skyrim.
We're literally not even finished one questline yet.
Tear him up, Lydia!
Okay, there we go.
Emm...
Emmys rats!
I'm so confused, where did that come from?
I dropped down there.
Okay.
Ugh, there you go.
Channel emotes soon, channel emotes literally less than 24 hours, have fun.
Am I almost supposed to speak to Brinyo?
You know what, if I had that selected, that probably would have gone a lot faster than what I just did there.
Underestimating the 1000 plus hours game, but literally I was like, right, we'll do the Thieves Guild, we'll do Dark Brotherhood.
We're literally six hours into this stream, I've less than six hours and I've not even finished Thieves.
Oh, sorry, sorry.
I got a bit excited there, I apologize.
Okay, let's do that.
How much?
How many?
How much heavy am I?
Curry, wait, it's 2, 18 out of 3, 30.
That'll do, I need like 100 stuff.
Hi, Carlaya.
How long do we have?
Yeah, less than six hours because of this.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
No, the wise two people inviting me to talk, there's too many people.
Wait, so do you do every sequel?
No.
I was just going to do Thieves Guild, Black, Assassins, what, that's not what they're called.
The Dark Brotherhood, and then the Vampire, and then the main quest, and I've done nothing yet, so I don't think it's happening.
Dark Brotherhood, yes.
Hi, Brainyo, smashes into wall.
The trinity of streams on YouTube, YouTube shorts and recycled clips with 10 minutes highlights on the same platform.
And also just a cheat for exposure.
Yeah, like Twitch is exposed, it's very interesting to see breakdowns on either website.
Like, I've just...
Meet Carlaya at the Sanding Zone.
Okay, we're about to become a nightingale.
I know I've literally skipped through all the dialogue, so for anyone who hasn't consumed Skyrim and is listening in at home, I apologize greatly.
I can just give you the TLDR, more than happy to provide such a thing for you.
How the heck do I get out of this area?
I'll just go out of the docks, how about that?
I don't think you can jump over.
If you haven't played Skyrim, go play Skyrim.
Mind yourself.
I'd be a rifting guard, I'd be like, yeah.
Don't be causing trouble.
Hi, Maul.
Any news involving the Dark Brotherhood?
Oh, that's the other... that's the Brotherhood quest.
Well, that was lucky we talked to him to get that, because we'd probably just have to kill Grelok the kind.
And she's actually not very kind.
What's this?
Oh, it's a clay deposit.
The T-Skilled quest line is mostly yapping at this point.
Honestly, we're about to become nightingales, and it's about to be yap-yap-yap-yap-yap.
I thought I was a good yapper.
Yap-yap-yap-yap-yap-yap.
Hello, hello!
I'm glad you're here.
What's the significance of this place?
This is the headquarters of the nightingales.
Cut into the mountainside by the first of our kind.
See?
We've come to seek the edge we need to defeat Mercer Frey.
Okay, yeah.
What kind of an edge?
What kind of an edge?
If you'll follow me, I'll try to explain on the way.
Yeah.
Yeah, let's edge this way, please.
Oh, look at them steps.
Look at that bow, though.
I actually want that bow.
Look at the satchel that the arrow's going.
I like how they're coded to look like what the arrow is.
Very nice.
Very, very nice.
I heard about this place when I joined the gale,
but I never believed it existed.
I never believed it existed?
I took enough and I'm back.
Are you surprised I'm still on?
Um, is Emi's room in today?
Emi?
Or is it?
No, Emi should already be on.
Azura should be coming online in two minutes.
If I have my times correct.
Emi's off today.
Just Sheevee and Mersey.
So Mersey's on at one.
Right.
We'll redirect into Mersey.
Deal?
I'll make you a deal.
We'll redirect into Mersey.
Yeah, but we're in the nightingales like Robin Hood or something?
I, the first time I did this,
like the nightingale quest,
I was in love with Lady Luck.
I absolutely just...
Ow, that was very loud in my ear.
Hopefully that wasn't too loud in your ear.
I just absolutely and truly adored the like,
plot.
Oh, I like so cool.
I just look so amazing and awesome.
Everything.
I am ready for the oath.
Now you go get changed.
Best looking armor in the game.
Honestly, this armor and Dark Brotherhood armor.
Yeah, that's awesome.
I think we should trust the lass and take the deal.
I may have misheard you, but Mersey is in three hours.
No one.
Yeah, no, Mersey comes online at one o'clock for me.
One o'clock in the afternoon, yeah?
That's when Mersey comes online for me.
So Mersey's actually perfect for us.
Beyond this gate is the first step in becoming a nightingale.
Whoa, that lass.
I appreciate the armor.
But becoming a nightingale?
That was never discussed.
To hold any oath of defeating Mersey, we must have Nocturnal at our backs.
If she's to accept you as one of her own, an arrangement must be struck.
So dramatic.
What sort of arrangement?
I need to know the terms.
What time did I start streaming?
Oh, I started streaming, yeah?
At 4 a.m., yeah?
I started at 4 a.m.
I started at 4 a.m.
You never wondered why everyone's schedule has a cheeky time zone
that no one uses?
Because that's my time zone.
If it means the end of Mersey Frey,
you can count on those night hours.
Yeah.
Are you ready to transact the oath?
Yes, I will become nightingale.
Yes, I'm ready.
Please stand on the western circle.
Holy crap, 4 a.m.
The reason why I stream so early is in case I need to do stuff during the day.
Originally, it was either I stream at 4 a.m. or I stream at 10 a.m.
But the problem is, if I stream at 10 a.m., the day is over
by the time I finish my endurance streams.
So I wouldn't be able to do doctor's appointments if I need to make an appointment.
Lydia, you're going to ruin this so much.
Please stand elsewhere.
Or just go...
Lydia, you're going to ruin this scene so much.
I'm not being funny.
Come here, Lydia. You're going to ruin the awesomeness of this scene.
Lydia.
Wait here.
Thank you. There's such a beautiful cinematic coming up
and they don't know what it is yet.
Just let it happen.
Oh, not Lydia standing in the corner, right?
Just don't look at her. Don't acknowledge her, okay?
She's like a dinosaur.
Alright, let's enjoy this because this is actually pretty cool.
What could you possibly offer me now?
I have two others that wish to transact the earth
to serve you both in life and in death.
You surprise me, Caroline.
This offer is definitely weighted in my favor.
In my favor?
My appetite for mercy tomorrow succeeds my craving for wealth and grace.
Revenge. How interesting.
Very well.
The conditions are acceptable.
You may proceed.
Lady Nocturne, we accept your terms.
I ain't saying none of this.
She sells to you as both your avengers and your sentinels.
We will honor our agreement in this life and the next
until the conditions have been met.
Very well. I name your entrance night and day
and I restore your status to the same, Caroline.
And in the future, I'd suggest you refrain
from disappointing me.
Wait, we don't get to see her?
I didn't see her.
Okay, normal. I thought we got to see her.
I guess it's with the next cinematic.
I don't know. What do you mean we?
It's time to reveal the final piece of the puzzle to you.
Mercy's true crime.
Well, he's done more.
Mercy was able to unlock the guilt vault without two keys
because of what he stole from the twilight sepulchre.
That's Scaly key.
By doing this, he's compromised our time to return
and in essence caused our luck to run dry.
So the key doesn't lock any doors.
But the key isn't only restricted to physical barriers.
All of us possess untapped abilities.
The potential to upgrade power is securely sealed within our minds.
Once you realize the key can access these traits,
the potential becomes limitless.
The three sounds like no one should possess it.
Good. Then you understand why this is a...
It's too much power for one human to have.
If the key isn't returned to its lock in the twilight sepulchre...
We see her when we return the key.
Yes, we will do that.
As time passed, our luck would diminish to the point of non-existence.
And whether you know it or not,
our uncanny luck defines our trade.
First time I've ever set out to return something?
In our line of work,
it's quite rare we set out to return a stolen item to its rightful owner.
Let's go then.
Brynjolf has some business to discuss.
I suggest you listen to him.
All right, big Bryny. What's up?
Listen, lass. There's one last piece of business we need to settle before we go after Mercer.
Uh-huh.
The leadership of the guild.
Oh my god, he's tapping his way through.
Oh, he's doing a wee Irish dance for us.
Oh, did-did-did-did-did-did-did.
I and I had a long discussion before you arrived here.
Thanks to your efforts, Mercer's treachery has been exposed.
After we deal with him,
all that remains is restoring the guild to its full strength.
Wovens, have you used the skeleton key on someone's torso?
What kind of question is that?
I'll be back soon to have fun, yeah.
Don't worry if you guys need to leave at any point.
I'll be-I'll be at it.
He is.
He's tapping away there.
Mm-hmm.
Sorry, I'm trying to focus on your words,
but your foot is moving and it's making me laugh.
It's about time.
No, it's not right. I don't know what to say.
So don't get sentimental on me now, except...
We'll handle the details.
Ooh.
We have quite the task ahead.
Ah! Then let's get to it.
What if we try to use the key on Strani?
And implying you don't have free reign of me?
Refling. You know me better than that.
Yeah. Right.
Lydia, I'm sorry that I put you in exile.
Yes, follow me.
My thing.
I can't believe I made myself Lydia 2.0.
Strani using the key on Refling?
It's funny, you think you have any resistance against me.
Roy is regaining his own foot in the way he tapped him.
Sure.
Oh yeah, becoming Guildmaster is bugged if you don't do the radiant quest first.
Oh, I've always managed to do them after.
I don't even know how they...
Where the heck do you expect me to go?
Eh, let's do that then.
Strani considering you don't have many lockpicks,
it may be beneficial just to hold on to it for a while.
For a while, honestly though.
Right, I need to go a little to the left.
Not to be confused with the hit steam game.
A little to the left.
Let's get to it.
If I can get up this hill then the enemies in that building won't be able to know me.
Why would I resist Strani?
Exactly, why would you?
Anyone who puts up a fight gets...
Twice as hard.
Oh, hopefully you can figure out what the substitute was for that word.
That's terrible.
Wait, that's north.
I'm going the wrong way.
No, it's like along the waterfront.
I would just...
What?
Sounds good.
Hi, Strani.
Dang, you're going hard into this game.
We haven't even finished one questline yet.
It's officially been six hours and I haven't finished one questline.
I completely forgot how just humongous what this game is.
It's extraordinary that I haven't actually...
I'm about to get close to finishing the thieves.
But even then, I'm not even going to truly finish them due to the reason of what.
Because we're not even going to do those miscellaneous quests for the Thieves Guild to restore it to its final glory.
Because...
Do I take the lift here?
No, I still don't take the lift.
Keep the skeleton key for yourself.
No, I'll be a good girl because I want to see a mummy nocturnal.
I really like her design.
I wouldn't mind incorporating...
Well, I wouldn't mind.
It's a very good design.
Okay, the phone goes the same.
How the heck did I get where I'm going?
Literally every time I have to go somewhere, I just start spamming E on a hill and I'm like, is this where I'm supposed to go?
No, I don't really have to walk up the hill yet.
No, I don't have to walk up the hill.
It's fine.
It's fine.
I saw that orbing.
Now I'm not sure if I should resist or not.
Either way, the outcome is clear.
The hor...
Oh, I thought it was the wind.
It was rules.
You don't need the key when you get a log pick into a hundred.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Does everything just become easy piece of lemon squeezy?
Or do the log picks not break on a hundred or something?
We're getting there.
We can do it.
I'm leaving us.
We're just a little exhausted.
I'm scarous.
I thought for some reason, you said I'm scouse and I was like, right?
Now what?
Oh yeah, by the way, I'm scouse.
I like the way you talk, Scottish lass.
You know, right?
Can I buy a cheeky Maccas?
Wait, Maccas is Australian term.
I can't believe it.
We're boarding live here today.
We are going to...
This place is actually covered in bandits.
I cannot for the life of me doing Australian accent.
Who we are?
Ray, what's this?
A gate.
Open the gate.
Why not?
That may come and help me with future...
Go on a Maccas run, yeah?
Get in void with me, yeah?
Oh, I thought it was going to one shot you.
I'm going to be honest.
Yeah, you can beg for mercy when you're dead.
Oh, I bonked him.
Wait, give me that.
I will destroy that.
What is this?
Can someone look this up?
What I'm supposed to do with it?
Flood, var, la, stone.
I don't know what it is.
Flood, var, la, stone.
I've never seen them before.
PC seems to have them.
Xbox doesn't seem to have them.
But mercy's in three hours.
So you should have paid for that.
Sorry, I got a lot.
Go itch on my head.
Speak to Carlaya.
Ooh, they got...
I... good luck.
Egg's fair is a bit much.
I've done that for souls.
Right, the machines drop...
Where's Lydia?
Lydia, you do this all the time.
There should be an enemy that pops out of here, yeah.
Oh, that's right, I remember.
These guys used to tweak me out.
I'm actually...
Tell you what, that was like really loud.
I'm going to...
Sentence, audio.
Is that a bit better on your ears?
I feel like whenever that happens, it's so loud.
A new hand has touched the beak.
Now, these do drop, yeah.
That's exactly what I'm wanting.
Like, tons of these soul gems.
Oh, hold on.
246, we're getting there, we're getting there.
Yes, oh my goodness, this is what we want.
Like, massive amounts of these soul gems.
And then we can put, like, really good stuff on.
There should be one that pops out of here.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm getting too good.
I'm genuinely too good at this game, I'm sorry.
The fact that I remember from childhood,
where the enemies, like, come out...
I'm just gonna show you how scared I was with the enemies.
Come here.
Okay, there we go.
What was that, three to scavenge?
Oh, I'll take it, I'll take it.
I'll take it, I'll take anything.
I'm happy with anything, any offerings I'll take.
Oh, yeah!
Is the enemy from here?
Here.
Oh, I heard that!
I heard them, like, spidering up here.
I can hear an enemy.
Oh, I heard two, just one in there.
But I need to go here.
They're so tiny!
They're so tiny!
Oh, we are getting so many soldiers.
This is exactly what I was needing, one of the runs in here.
That spawn sneak is actually impressive.
Ah!
There, them.
Okay, we can destroy that.
Yeah, let's go.
Alchemy.
Yeah, yeah, I'll take the potions, let's go.
Oh my god, I just jumped in real life.
Because of that noise, of that latch.
Oh, hello.
Those bandits back there.
Dot, dot, dot.
We have to catch up to him before it's too late.
I had the brap lever, literally jumped scared of me.
I wouldn't be surprised if he's left behind a few surprises for us.
Oh, he really got me there, didn't he?
Look, there's so many, oh, soul gems.
We love soul gems, soul gems, soul gems, soul gems.
Oh, wait, is this the thing?
I'm supposed to watch him, look, there he is.
Look through the bars.
I'm trying to, where is he?
I'm pretty sure he pops out somewhere here.
And this is a, this is an instance report.
I've returned to continue watching.
Where?
Oh, there he is, there he is.
That's Mercer, look, I'm crawling over.
Look at this little cinematic.
Oh, like, has he just expired right now?
Oh, he didn't even move a sword.
Eyelash, and we'll be ready for him.
Man, FOV is so low.
Do you get motion sickness? No.
I'm very lucky, Mercer says she gets motion sickness playing video games.
Not to be dramatic, but I think I would end it.
Oh, God, I think there's farmer around here.
What's this?
Potions.
Lutions and potions, I do love a good, I do love a good collection.
Isn't there a farmer here? No?
Empty?
Oh, found him.
Found him.
Shit, and I have course of poison.
What does he draw?
Skibertail, nah, you're good.
You, I want your soul gems.
Who am I perishing?
Why is Mercer such a poopy poopy?
I just smacked myself into a wall at low health.
Okay, that'll do.
I think I'll be okay though.
That was a jump scare and a half.
Okay, we're fine, we're fine, we're fine.
Actually, it's probably really good that I have that on a panic,
because it gets me away from the enemy really quickly.
What the heck is this? Let's just stop.
Oh, I need to go up.
Excuse me?
The freaking blades on the ground took all my expert!
Are we having a troll?
And where's the other lever?
Excuse me, Brinyel, if you're just smacked me in the...
That's the other lever there?
Behind an egg spare?
That can't be right.
Surely not.
But it is.
That cannae be right, don't you have the skeleton key?
No, we've not done that part.
But that is it.
Well, good thing I don't have a smurf it, but what?
Wait. Oh, that's not the lever at all.
Where the heck's the first lever?
Is it here?
Where's the second lever? Reveal yourself!
What?
There it is! Oh, it's adjacent to the other lever!
Oh my god.
Did I need to go all the way back again?
Out my way, out my way, out my way, out my way.
I'm not that fast.
Hold on, hold on, I need to cheat.
I'm not that fast.
I was gonna say, putting something behind an expert level thing is wild.
That wasn't it? Okay, I was gonna say, that has to be it.
I refuse.
A little cheeky chess.
I'm being trolled by this game.
I'm being through trolled.
I'll destroy that, and then I can get more thingy.
Are we there yet, bruv?
I feel the same, we've literally not even finished one questline.
I'm ready to make another cup of tea.
Alright, you can stealth this area, but I'd rather just go for it.
I'd rather just go for it.
By the Pope, who's there? Identify yourself.
There is a chess down below, but I'm not really fast right now.
I want to finish one questline!
One questline is all I have.
Stop it, you're so stinky.
Okay, hold on, you got something?
Charmin's Key.
What was this, a Charmin's Key, dude?
Oh, is it for that?
You know what, maybe this chest.
No, it's not.
Well, I'm not looting it then, go away.
I don't know what the heck the Charmin's Key is for.
Clap him, stinky lightning, honestly.
How do you come back from that?
Someone calls you stinky, you have no way of coming back, truly.
It's over for you, just admit it.
There's traps everywhere.
Isn't there a massive Centaurian coming up?
My brains just reminded me that there's a big enemy coming soon.
What does that say?
Bro, the game thinks I can read that?
Mercer, it's backwards!
Mercer is on the bottom.
Why is that backwards?
I can read Mercer as backwards.
I don't mind the stinky.
I don't mind the wires.
What, an air?
Why is it backwards?
I'll take these scrolls because I can sell them for money.
Let's go, let's go.
This is very real.
Oh, dear.
Right, can you jump the Centaurian and not me, maybe?
Oh, goodness, gravy.
Some of these enemies are my right fellows.
All my fellows.
Oh, hold on.
Hold on, right there you go.
Alright, I should probably go to sleep.
See you next time.
Rest well, those who sleep.
Please don't worry if you do need to go to sleep again.
But the cheeky endurance stream, Mercer is going live in T-minus less than three hours.
We're going to read Inter because my Skyrim escapades got cut short due to the fact that...
Oh, I am moving so fast I am successfully avoiding all the traps laid out.
Yes, I don't know why achievements aren't popping up.
I'm literally using Xbox Game Pass right now, so it's kind of the...
I'm not sure what the dealio is, but I'm quite happy just to play through the...
Thingamabobber and tomorrow's monetization celebration.
So I guess I can enjoy a more relaxed for my voice.
Oh, come on.
Oh, come on.
Get a rest.
Oh, I'm low health.
Oh, I'm low health.
I'm about to get altered by a spider.
Hold on.
Okay, there we go.
Go around to read it.
Go around it to read it.
Oh, is there like another room that makes a lot more sense if there was like something behind it?
Maybe I just ignored it and chose to be confused.
Oh, give me that.
Oh, orcishbowl and ice.
Oh, and alchemy.
Resurrect and restore my energy.
Alchemyxing like a creature.
Give me them juicy soul gems.
That's all I want.
That's all I crave.
I just want soul gems.
Oh, why don't I get one of you?
No.
Okay, okay, okay.
You guys don't need to perfectly follow me.
You do realize that, right?
But we can do this.
And we completely missed them because we alerted the enemies to our location.
Okay, there we go.
Oh my God, he's beat.
They're jumping me.
I'm actually beating that.
God, they have so much venom.
So much venom.
Don't mind if I do it.
Well, on earth where they do it, she be.
What have you been doing in your dungeon?
These last words?
Oh my God, that's brutal.
Hold on.
These last words.
Nobody thought they were real, but I've seen them.
The eyes of the snow elves.
The dwarves thought they looked...
The dwarves thought they took them from the Thammer,
but they themselves were fooled.
A statue built in secrecy by the slaves.
The eyes burn into you, and I see them.
Even the Seraphot escaped through the collapsing tunnel,
but he'll never escape what we've seen.
Men will never believe him, and he'll be driven mad by the knowledge
that he'll never see them again.
But I may yet see them again before I die.
Wow, that was strange.
Strawny's a soul gem addict.
Literally, they're like the most OP leveling up system.
I'm just gonna blast through this area
because there's a massive flamethrower, I think,
or something.
How am I detected if I'm around the corner?
Why are you going for me?
He's right there!
Literally, right in...
Actually, I just remembered,
Mercer drops are really good.
Two-handed sword, and we already got children.
Yeah, that's right. Spank that rat on the fire.
Oh, that's cool.
Oh, I'm getting...
Yeah, okay, I was gonna say I'm getting blasted by this.
We may yet to see Strawny's eyes before we die.
I might need to heal.
Or I might get away with it.
Ooh, we've been...
Oh, I got detected.
I keep going like, alright, I'll finally go sneak,
and then I get detected because I'm not paying attention.
Touch this.
Eat this.
Fun fact, the Dwemer nailed and scrolls are not doors,
but actually, a type of elf.
Two-handed.
He's in a drill wheel there.
Exactly.
Imagine not being a drill wheel there.
I can't relate.
I've tried so many times to be an archer,
but I just can't do it.
Like, especially when the enemy come up in your face
and you've got a bow and arrow,
it's like, bro, it wouldn't actually be so fero-fero.
I think that actually does more damage to the mother.
Wait, can I get them to deal with the enemies?
Oh my god, that's so cool.
I can like, go through here.
Is there like a treasure chest or something?
Or is this just like a...
Hurry up.
Wait, that symbol.
That means there's loot here?
I don't see no loot.
Or does it just mean that the thief's guild was here?
Okay.
I'm so confused.
I feel like there may have been something I missed,
but hey ho.
Alright, let's get to it.
Everybody get to it, to it.
Let's get this party started.
Let's get this bonus.
Departed.
Mercer was here.
Shield 100 is perfectly viable, thank you very much.
Probably.
What do they hold?
So they just kind of hold a lot of like, mix and stuff.
That's interesting.
They were more into like, the alchemy side of things.
Master lot?
Right, I'm not bothering.
So it's on your bike.
Hydration check.
Oh.
Wow.
Wow.
Such a shit.
Yeah, give me the key, Mercer.
The water's rising.
I don't believe you, no.
Turtle gates me, my new friend leaking.
Oh.
Dun dun dun.
The difference is, I still have honor.
If anyone falls, it'll be you, Mercer.
Nightingale.
I can't remember if this is hard or not.
Oh no, he got wallets.
Oh, he's got blood drain.
Oh my god.
Where is he?
I can just see the red doll.
I'm chasing the red doll.
There he is.
I found him.
I got him.
He's got, whoa, he's got like, yeah, I'll take all that.
Shit, give me everything.
Oh, I'm carrying too much to be able to run.
Oh, sorry, hold on.
Sorry, excuse me, just need to drop a few things that I don't need.
I don't need an embalming tool, I can show you that much.
Don't need random chunks of ore, that's fine.
A what?
It looks like a ship.
Is that a tap?
Yeah, don't need all these random miscellaneous things, that's fine.
Ingredients that could probably eat all the little ones
and clear up some side space stuff, I guess.
Unknown, unknown.
Sorry guys, I know the cave is collapsing, it's very important.
I have a little taste test of all these ingredients, I assure you.
Food, yeah, sure, let's just freaking load up.
Am I light yet?
No, I'm not light yet, holy crap.
Okay, right, what do we not need?
That does say 26, not gonna lie.
Oh, I forgot to...
That one's better.
I don't want to drop it though, I feel like I can sell it for decent money, honestly.
I guess we'll just drop that shit.
Orcishbowl, 11.
Please don't really give me much money.
Okay, so don't panic.
I know the cave is literally...
Oh, I know the cave is like perishing and it's falling with war,
but don't panic guys, everything is okay, alright?
You just have to let it fill.
Oh, oh he hit the quaw.
Oh, are you guys okay? Do you guys need to breathe? No?
No, you don't need to breathe? Okay, you don't have to.
If you look above the head of the elf, you'll notice those rocks look very suspiciously movable.
That's because they are, you have a keen eye, refling, you have a keen eye.
I'm strong enough to taste test all the new alchemy ingredients,
literally like trying to like release some of the weight in my inventory,
and I'm like, hmm, yes, hmm, this moth wings though, what a delicacy.
You just have to wait, unfortunately you can't like swim upwards,
it doesn't do it the way you want it to, so it's a bit awkward.
But yeah.
I remember the first place where I was trying to like swim through these pipes,
I was like, yes, the pipes, the pipes will save me.
But it should do one big collapse.
There you go.
Pick it long enough, honestly.
And then you just gotta wait until it gets high enough to get up there.
To shift the weight in my body eats 50 cheese wheels.
We are aquatic.
Let me see some tools.
Stopping to release, yes sir.
But as faster you get out of that cave, the easier the game.
I have completely forgotten how much the NPCs love to talk to you.
No.
Five years.
No, Carlisle.
It's not simple.
Sepucar, I've never said sepucar.
Are you ready to take a pilgrimage together?
We can serve nocturnal in other ways.
As a consequence, I have no knowledge of what you'll be facing.
Then we'd best get started.
We don't need it back if a thief's going to keep order while you're away.
And I can't bear to face nocturnal, I don't need to protect the king.
I'm afraid you'll have to face the end of your journey alone.
Okay, we can do it alone. We're big boys and girls.
Take this with you.
Help within the walls of the sepucar.
Oh, she gives me her bow.
Oh.
Okay, I'm actually hitting it.
Sorry, last round. Okay, you can't talk to me.
Ow, I just got blammed by that skull.
I literally yanked the HP off me.
Can we serve Strony in other ways?
Absolutely.
It depends what you're offering is to me.
Aw, I've not even been a folk wreath yet.
Actually, you know what? I need to destroy and enchant a few things to sell on.
So I'm going to go do that now and it will free up a lot of inventory.
Is Carlisle the same VA as Shadowheart?
I cannot tell you that. I don't know.
Well, there's gates such good reviews, though,
that I'm really tempted to play it for the first time on stream,
but I'm worried in case I'm so dumb I can't figure it out,
but hopefully it's a full-proof game like anyone can just jump in on the fun.
Right, this is what I want.
Devouring, archery and potions.
Everything else can be sold. You heard it here first.
Did I even have a big gem?
I do.
Yes. Did I make it craft?
Yes.
That was bloody good shoe.
That bloody good shoe.
Right, where's that?
So what? Just enchant random stuff now for the XP, I guess?
Turn undead. Frost damage here, why not?
Petty Soul Gem.
Yeah, I'm just going to put Petty Soul Gem stuff on it.
Uh-uh.
And then I know I can sell everything in my inventory.
God, look at the level up. It's so fast.
The game is so forgiven.
Just the noise.
It's just constantly like...
We'll put all of this stuff on and then we can get a pretty penny.
Oh, we might be able to buy the home.
We might be able to buy our home in Riften.
And then we can have our little flower garden out in front.
We can't get chickens though. Not yet.
Baldur's Gate 3 is good and you can do whatever you want.
It's not really wrong way of playing it.
Baldur's Gate is really open and rewarding.
I'm glad.
Um...
I can't figure it out.
Also tells us, please backseat me. You'll be fine.
Yeah, some folk really are so strongly like a little bit backseat gaming.
I'm actually going to travel to Riften just to sell some stuff
because my inventory is getting a bit too full.
Now, as much as I like being full and, you know, a bandaid slapped on top
Not like this.
I would like to sell some weapons that are very heavy.
I will keep children. I'll put it elsewhere.
I don't want to sell that stuff.
I'd rather keep it.
I can sell, like, all of it, right? You're out of money.
I will remember that.
You can marry the butcher.
He's not a butcher. He's a blacksmith.
Those wires are really crossed on me.
Please take some of my stuff that I don't need.
Thanks. Appreciate it.
Created potions are 1% more strong.
Wait, no, actually, I'm going to keep the diamonds and stuff on me.
The reason for that is because you can get, like, miscellaneous quests to ask for that basic stuff.
How about you?
Everything I've got on display, really.
We're going to get rid of all this. This should really lighten the load.
I don't want to sell that thing.
Oh, I completely forgot I have, like, golders.
That must be... Oh, he's not going to gold left.
Oops.
Oops, I'm giving away things for free.
Oopsies.
Oopsies, tee-hee.
Little tee-hee moment.
Right, we'll go Falkreath, and then we'll hit up Twilight's.
I love her.
Strangely, I will remember everything you said.
Fair enough. I don't even know what to say half the time.
I'm just here for a good time.
Do you remember when we almost got our heads chopped off?
Yeah, and I was taken over by bandits and burnt tickers.
Tee-hee, not my problem. Tee-hee.
Stony, ever dropped a bunch of jewelry in the shopping centre in Riften?
Everyone starts fighting over stuff you drop,
and, like, it literally terminates NPCs, and it's like,
I've need them for quests.
That's the one thing I could absolutely obliterate Skyrim for,
is if a quest requires an NPC,
do not let them be perishable.
Do not let them expire.
I am so sad.
What the heck is...
Oh, no!
The wolves jumped these poor people,
and the one wolf perished them both.
Mmm.
That's what you get for trying to execute an innocent dragonborn.
Some of them are marchers,
and some NPCs can't be perishable,
but if they have a quest,
I feel like they shouldn't be able to expire at all,
because it's so annoying when you're trying to do it,
and then it's like, oh, surprise, by the way.
Oh, who are you? Hello.
What's a milk drinker like you doing out here?
Go home to your mother.
Yeah, I'm starting to think we're getting, like, absolutely nothing done.
We're pretty much looking at T-minus two hours.
I've been live for almost seven hours.
I've yet to finish the quest.
Eh, right. Fault creases here.
What the heck is that?
Bro!
You can not drop rocks on people's heads.
I cannot tell you how inappropriate that is.
Um...
I am home with my mommy.
We drink milk and tea up in this place, of course.
Literally, how have I been at this for seven hours?
I'm not completed one quest.
Something's not adding up. I don't know.
Like, I'm pretty sure the Skyrim World record is, like, two hours.
Like, one hour and 52 minutes or something.
Ridiculous, like that.
And you're telling me in seven hours,
near seven hours, I couldn't finish one quest line.
Well, I need sleep. Good night. Thank you for hanging.
No promises, I won't see you in my dreams.
That's right. Get Scottish, get Scottish, get Scottish.
Your only dream of a Scottish.
The Highland Cows call you.
Ooh, I don't want to walk over a grave.
That's bad luck.
That's a lot of graves. What's going on in full graves?
I feel like that's probably a quest, cause...
That's a lot.
Scotland!
Forever!
Get Scottish, get Scottish, get Scottish.
I think I need to do that.
Someone did that where I was like,
get pregnant, get pregnant, get pregnant.
And it's like, dang, dang, dang.
Like, really intense music.
I want to do that, but like, get Scottish, get Scottish, get Scottish.
We're almost there.
We're almost there, we're almost there.
We just got to run a little bit longer.
Oh, there's castles and ruins.
Did you know you can just straight up buy castles in Scotland?
Fun fact, you can literally look up them online.
Just type in Castle for sale in Scotland.
I'm not even kidding.
It's pretty intense and cool.
And you can buy churches.
It's a lot cheaper to live in a church.
An ex-church, by the way.
You can literally, it's like, churches for sale in Scotland.
Yeah, just have a look.
It's like, way cheaper.
Johnny, have you heard of the Scott Wikipedia vandalism story?
Yes!
Oh, we should talk about it.
Like, if you didn't know.
So, Scots is basically slang.
And we say things very phonetically.
And someone...
Whoa, wait, I didn't realise you were a bandit.
Sorry.
Time to go, buddy.
And someone basically went,
Oh, I'll just rewrite this in Scots.
But he, like, wasn't Scottish.
So he just wrote what he thought, like, Scottish folks said.
And it was just complete gibberish.
And he'd been doing it for ages and no one, like, caught him.
Wasn't that it?
He sent in Zillow to Scotland to find an affordable hoose, honestly.
It's Gallus!
Hello.
Hello, Gallus.
I visited Edinburgh.
Let's go.
I'd asked the same question.
That's really funny.
Stony's gonna buy a castle, move the wheeler team into it,
then get Reeflands to serve them there.
But could you imagine, though?
Like, oh!
You know what, you get out of this exchange?
A servitude!
How are you to blame?
Where can I say no?
Wait a minute, you're Gallus!
I'm best pals with your girlfriend.
How do you say I love you in Scottish?
It's just I love you.
Like, I love you, and then I love you.
It's kind of, like, shoved together in fast.
He's that adoring fan.
Is he?
By Azura, by Azura, by Azura.
I did this for Nocturo.
I did this for the honour of the guild.
Carlaya helped me.
Yes, your girlfriend's alive.
Well, then she would have appeared here.
Then take the key and right all the wrongs.
When we put Stony as our cult leader,
we could cut taxes and save money!
Yay!
We can be tax exempt together.
Yippee!
How can a spirit die?
The Ebeneer?
A bit of Ebeneer?
Maintaining a historical site for tax breaks and profit?
Yeah, and then we run like a massive B&B over.
Oh my god.
I'm afraid so.
I'm weakening.
And I can feel myself slipping away.
The gears without restoration of my power
I had to take.
That's taken.
You really want to mess with the IRS?
That should be a song.
You really want to mess with the IRS?
I fought the law in the law one.
Ray.
Good luck, Gallus.
Even though you don't have to do anything.
I don't mind doing the hard work, right?
Who needs a bashing?
Who needs a bashing?
Who's begging for the pagan?
Because it's all happening at once.
Let's go!
I bet he do.
Beat him up! Beat him up! Beat him up!
Beat him up! Beat him up!
Oh wow, they're actually kind of beef.
They're actually a bit stronger than your average enemy.
Hold on a minute.
I don't like that.
You, come here.
No, I'm stuck on the stairs.
Hold on.
I'm stuck on...
I'm stuck on...
Ow! Ow! Stop!
Swap to weapon, Ray!
Stop to melee!
Yes, there you go.
Okay, there we go.
Jeez, I lose.
What is in you?
Arrows?
So, Jim!
Alchemy.
Totally not secret backtracking.
I do love Skyrim for that.
It's quite rather entertaining.
Okay, they've got elven arrows on their persons, which is pretty...
Oh, why are you so scary?
I'm not gonna lie.
Like, they're kind of messing me up now.
Open our own velar colony?
What?
In the Scottish countryside with crops and feudal lordship for the grove?
Bruh!
Look, sometimes a sense of community is all you need if...
Oh!
Wait, I'm to stay in the dark.
Right, if you stay in the dark, your health doesn't get...
Well, wasn't he paying attention to that?
Was he?
Clearly, no.
Yeah, you just need to stay in the dark so you don't get hurt in this section.
It's not really too bad at all.
I just can't see nothing in it at all.
Oh!
Just a wee bit of poison, just a few darts in my eyeballs.
It's fine, it's fine.
I can still see for the most part.
Wish I wore my glasses.
My lady!
Hello!
Oh, a bandit got all the way here.
Hello, my lady!
Please ignore the fact that I'm taking your offering.
So fragmented, I don't need that.
Uh, uh, behind here is two chains to pull.
Gammy!
Atlas!
Where's Blossom?
Where's Gammy?
That's Gammy, the girl, and that's her dad, Atlas.
And Blossom's her mummy.
Hmm.
Is it true if you buy land in Skull, you become a lord?
No, that is completely false.
Um, if you take that in, by the way, you'll actually...
Um...
I knew...
Ow!
Oh my god, I just got reeled by a log.
That wasn't really that fun, I'm gonna be honest.
Wait, we did it, we did it.
We're here, we're here.
Snowberry's waiting on Icey's every need,
Penpal's being picked for a set of me.
Oh, it's all spooky, it's all spooky and purple.
Oh, I love the color scheme.
Oh, I remember this.
Oh no, I'm stuck.
I should read his note.
Anderson's...
Anderson's message.
I don't think he made it, chief.
I don't think he made it.
Yeah.
Uh...
If only we had some sort of...
Key?
Some sort of skeleton...
Key?
Yep.
Oh, I'm stuck.
I got...
Oh, that's...
Gammies!
Look at all Gammie's babies!
Oh, I'm in the wrong way.
Sorry, Hen.
Tell me that ain't good design.
Excuse me, we'll stay a little around.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Nothing more than the fulfillment of your agreement.
We must stay focused, Reeflings.
We must stay focused.
Oh no.
Wow!
Drink?
Bye-bye, mommy!
Bye-bye, mommy!
Where did you come from?
Hello.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, sorry.
Can I talk to you now?
Yes.
Uh, please, she sounded indifferent.
What's this about becoming an agent and a nocturnal?
What?
Present moon?
I think is what we want.
A full moon for the agent of strife.
This is nocturnal's role in maintaining balance.
How is this goddess of stealth when it's clear?
Ha!
The clap of her cheeks would alarm the guards on a 500 meter radius.
It's unfamiliar.
Her hotness is so powerful.
And you?
Aw.
The beginning of what?
Wow.
They're not good at what we do.
Uh, I think stealth.
Tell me about the present, then.
Yeah, okay.
Well, you do the agent of...
Are you a crescent moon?
You're a full moon.
And you're a half moon.
Okay, crescent moon.
Hee-hee.
Okay, now what?
Oh, no.
Gallus is about to come...
Ooh, look, it's Gallus and Karnaya.
They're gonna kiss.
Come like the others.
If it were not for the actions of this knight in the air,
what the years would have come through.
She would have just lost all of it.
You do now, my love.
Nocturnal calls me to the Everglow.
My contract has been fulfilled.
When I ever see you again.
When your debt to Nocturnal has been paid,
we'll embrace what's there.
Aww.
I've been 25 years since you've seen each other,
and this is it.
This is what they muster.
Are you alright, Karnaya?
Maybe it's just not...
It shouldn't understand.
Oh, he's going to disappear into the bowl of soup.
Oh, he's in the bowl of soup, lads.
Sorry, I'm sure it's really emotional.
Where did Gallus go in a bowl of soup?
The spirit becomes one with the Everglow.
Ah.
So he's gone?
Okay.
You drank the ghost soup, honestly.
They're a part of the darkness around us?
Oh, they're so cool.
Oh, I'm getting it now.
How will I know if I'm needed here?
Okay.
Use it whenever you wish.
Okay.
Where will you be?
I've decided to make my home at Nightingale Hall.
Since it's your home as well,
I hope to see you and Brynjolf there.
Of course, I may visit some of Skyrim's cities too.
The quiet thing is from time to time.
Can't afford to get rusty now, can we?
Well, I'm...
I'm satisfied.
Yeah, yeah, bye-bye. Okay, thank you.
Thank you, hubby-bee.
Is this your home now?
It is!
Okay, so she just hangs out here now.
Girl, that's a bit depressive.
But anyway, that's all new.
As long as you're having a good time and all that.
Thanks for the experience of being in Nightingale.
Alright, have a good night and good luck.
Thank you!
For those of you who need to go rest, please do rest.
I am literally farting about, um...
Cause...
Mercy is going live in two hours.
I'm gonna redirect into her,
and then it means I can...
do a little bit of...
a little bit of preparation for my monetization stream tomorrow.
I'll need to actually make the thumbnail,
and you get a picture of my frickin' feet for the thumbnail.
Omega at low.
Oh no, what did I do now?
Well, we do...
Night...
Night mother, night mother, send your child unto me for...
Oh no, sweet mother.
I keep saying night mother.
Apparently...
it's sweet mother.
I could've sworn I turned that on.
Man, there we go.
Yeah.
Group brushing, T-minus 90 minutes, yes.
Um, right.
I am going to make a cup of tea
if we would all like to get something to hydrate.
Gotta go to Winterhold for that one.
Yes.
I'm gonna make a cup of tea,
and then...
we will...
see how far we can get on the Dark Brotherhood.
There's absolutely no way in heck
we are getting anywhere close to it.
Um...
But...
it doesn't mean we can't start it.
Okay, man.
I'll arrive late for tomorrow's stream,
cause I'll be at work.
It's a very short stream tomorrow.
It's not Skyrim Part 2.
Just, uh...
for those of you who may be lurking,
there is not a Skyrim Part 2 tomorrow,
cause I've completely messed up the achievements,
and the whole point was to do the achievements,
um...
and for some reason they're not working,
even though I am on Xbox Game Pass.
Um...
But we do have plenty of time in the future.
I will definitely come back to Skyrim
once I've fixed whatever's going on.
Cause honestly, I'm like,
I should have just played cameo.
Um...
Sorry, we need to break in here
so we can go talk to this kid.
Sweet mother, sweet mother,
send your child unto me
for this soon.
Very tired.
Oh no.
Sweet mother, sweet mother,
send your child unto me.
Send your child unto me.
So you come in.
How long must I do this?
I keep praying, mother,
for I want you to answer me.
S.
You've come at last. I knew you would.
Are you alright?
I knew you'd come. I just knew it.
I did the Black Sacrament
over and over with the body
and the things that came
in a assassin from the Dark Brotherhood.
Uh...
Ah yes, the Black Sacrament
of course.
So long. So very long.
But now that you're here,
you can accept my contract.
Your contract?
My mother, she...
she died.
I'm all alone now.
So they sent me to the terrible orphanage
in Riften on her hall.
The headmistress is an evil cruel woman.
They call her Grelad the kind.
But she's not kind.
She's terrible to all of us.
So I ran away
and came home and performed
the Black Sacrament.
Now you're here and you can kill
Grelad the kind.
Ah...
Sure, buddy.
A kiss by the sweet mother.
What does the book say? Hand that book over.
So you wish to summon the Dark Brotherhood.
You wish to see someone dead.
Pray, child, pray,
and let the Night Mother hear your plea.
You must perform
that most profane of rituals,
the Black Sacrament.
Create an effigy
of the intended victim
assembled from actual body parts
including a heart, skull,
bones and flesh.
Encircle that effigy with candles.
The ritual itself must then commence.
Proceed to stab the effigy
repeatedly with a dagger.
Rubbed with the petals
of a nightshade plant
while whispering this plea.
Sweet mother, sweet mother,
send your child unto me for the sins of the unworthy
must be baptized in blood and fear.
Then wait, child,
for the dread father
sithis rewards the patient.
You will be visited
by a representative of the Dark Brotherhood.
So begins
a contract bound in blood.
That's actually really cool.
Oh, I'm quite happy with that.
I quite like that kind of back
behind the scenes, not behind the scenes
because it's like hidden in a book so it's not behind the scenes.
But I like
seeing how the game like tried to
explain it.
It's a great thing. Where did he find
the body part? Oh, he tried his best, okay.
Probably went into the crypt
or something like that.
So this is probably the only
instance when you can
perish someone in front of a whole group
of people.
Sorry, hen.
Yeah, you do not get in trouble for doing
that. And all the kids
and they're like laughing
at our own stuff.
Wait, oh, I've gone the wrong way.
Sorry, I've gone the wrong way.
We're saved.
Yeah, literally
one of the only instances you can
walk in and perish someone and then come
straight back out again.
They don't care. No one cares.
The Riften Guards don't even care.
They must have known as well.
The actual nice lady takes over.
Yeah.
So really, we just did everyone a big old favor.
Okay.
I was like finding
different fun ways. Apparently you can cast
Friendsly in the Children
Parish Grail Oak. I'm not sure if that's true
or not.
Is she, you know,
kind of sounds like
Midoriya.
I knew you could do it.
I just knew it. I knew the Dark Brotherhood
would save me. Here, just like
I promised. This should bet you a nice
price. Thank you.
Thank you again.
What did you give me? Your child.
Completed Innocence Loss.
Family heirloom?
Oh, sorry, sorry.
My bad. I got a little...
I just needed to check what your family
heirloom was.
Is it any?
Oh, there is.
A plate? A plate.
I mean, you are a child, so I guess that makes
sense.
Now, if I remember correctly,
we need to go sleep in a bed.
Yeah, the first sleep
the poor Dragonborn has had since I started
my adventures.
So, we'll just rent a little bed in here.
You ever just accidentally dash across the house, honestly?
Oh, you. Hello.
Can you come a bit closer?
Okay, I guess not.
Yeah, I'd like to rent a room.
Thanks, darling.
Oh, okay.
Ten, ten stars.
Hello, my lady.
You want to join me?
Okay.
Right, please stop talking to me. I'm trying to be
sure in my room, but I'm having to help the NPC.
Okay, there we go. Thank you for showing me my room.
If you want the tip, just stay in the room.
We're getting that bed.
That's absolutely shocking behaviour.
Please stop.
Twelvers, we won't make a cup of tea very
shortly. I'm sorry.
I'm getting delirious.
Miss Droney, can I be excused from history
of the Nordic class to use the bathroom?
Yes, you're allowed to use the toilet.
Right, I am going
to go make a cup of tea.
What? Was that not supposed to be kidnapped?
Was that not supposed to be kidnapped?
After you perish?
Does it have to be about the island?
Huh.
Give her to her, kid.
It's after you receive a courier's lair.
Ah!
How are you streaming now? How are you so powerful?
That's...
It's called Othezam.
And I love my games.
Right, I'm waiting on the courier.
Courier, courier.
Courier, courier. Give me a letter.
Courier, my boss.
Right, ah, sorry.
I'm going to go get a cup of tea to recalibrate
because I have been playing for a hot second.
I'm going to have to pause the game
sadly because there can be NPC
events such as Coltas entering
the town which can kill NPCs.
So I will have it paused
whilst I go quickly make a cup of tea.
Please do
stretch your legs
and get yourself a wee water
and have a pee.
You got to sleep.
No.
Alright, sorry man.
I thought you had to sleep right away
but I need to receive the letter
with a hand that says we know and then go to sleep.
Okay?
I'm going to go get some water.
I'm going to get a cup of tea
and we're going to recalibrate and come back
and meet in the middle.
It will be a couple of minutes, okay?
I think I can get a wee snack
as well.
Right, beer, beer.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Welcome to Europe.
Wait, I said that wrong.
Welcome to Europe, young man.
Welcome to Europe.
Welcome to Europe.
Remember the 10 Eurovision?
Remember the 10 Eurovision?
Sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Sorry, that was the worst Dutch
I think I've ever done so far.
I do apologize to any
Nederland mensen
who are listening in.
Everyone else is just like,
what on earth are you even on about?
Hi.
Welcome back.
What, you thought I was gone forever?
I've got me a cup of tea
and I've actually got stroepwafel.
I'm not even kidding.
I have actual stroepwafel.
On the rating stream
but I couldn't find any more
European snacks.
So I'm just literally going to
eat a little stroepwafel.
Welcome back.
I love stroepwafel.
It's like crack cocaine.
Sorry, but it's so good.
Yes, merci for the snippets
who are lurking.
I appreciate you even if I'm not your
flavor.
T minus one hour
and 40 minutes
until your
Kohai
is ready to say hi hi
and prove that
she can't whistle.
Which is adorable.
I can't believe that I hired her on the basis she can't
whistle. Stop leaving
I'm not allowed to go get a cup
of tea for my
boys.
Are you like hearing my words?
Are you ending
when merci comes on?
Yes, I'm going to redirect into her on purpose
because
I didn't know I was getting monetization
today.
So tomorrow we're doing the monetization
celebration.
So I need to set up
all the emotes and I need to set up on the
price.
And I think very sadly I have to
charge more than 4.99
US dollars.
But I think I might have to
because of this YouTube gifting
stuff.
Can any of yous confirm that
YouTube gifting thing is a nightmare
or a hassle?
I'm going to take a bite of my waffle
okay?
Mmm.
I know it's only like 2 cents
difference. I just don't like that.
Hold on.
I'm going to
check out
Marshmallows
if you'd like to send me any marshmallows
I'm just going to take a quick pause champ
on top of everything.
Jesus Christ
why do I have so many DMs?
Okay
I don't know
for the most part.
Oh and now I can't see my mouse again.
Okay marshmallow refresh
let's go.
A lot of follow girls
have 1.99 tier and then 4.99
and the gift goes to the 4.99
Ah
I'm at exactly $5 work
I possibly
Hello mommy
you're asking what software baby uses
for 3D is called
Warudo
for full body tracking there's a lot of videos
about it but I think most YouTubers use
Sony mo copy
Slime VR
or Vine trackers
okay okay
It's okay mommy
I know you can't open my last Mario link
on stream don't
forget to check later
Is it bad that I check?
As soon as I go offline
I just spend like another 30 minutes
and I'm like yeah
what's the problem with gifting
so the issue is
if someone is very kind to gift
but they can't dictate
what type of tier to give
it means
outsiders isn't a nice term to use
that's not the correct term
but someone who
maybe
what's the word?
I'm trying to think
someone who
gets access to membership streams that
like should name
you know like
someone who's just gonna be
rude about it or whatever
I don't know
yeah use whatever
it's better to have people
watching the membership streams that are
actually interested
because someone might get a
message and it's like
oh right okay
that's chicken
you might be able to turn on gifting
entirely well the problem is gifting
is a massive money source for the girls
if someone's gonna be
a shitter and members content
they better be paying out their own pocket
that's so funny I'm sorry
but that's actually such a funny statement
okay scrawny and fellow reeflings
I'm gonna have
a fun rest of the stream
oh now I need to go sorry
words are blending together
I'll see you tomorrow yes
I think it'll be roughly
2 hours
it's a short stream tomorrow do apologize
but I'm needing overall vocal rest
I've got quite a few vtuber ASMR collabs
coming up so
I'm needing to be a good girl and rest
and try my best
I am a Spanish reefling
and I've been very
no you've not
hold on
you've helped me pass some hard time
so I just want to know that
if you're really proud of you and the way your streams go
also
I like how you act
on stream
about gapping and ranking burps is fun
what is
what do you want in Spanish
in English
for me
because I don't know what
what do you want
I think it means
I don't even know
you are truly an anomaly
I've never seen someone who is
so intensely thoughtful
and caring about both
your daughters and reeflings
also shameless
hold on
what am I getting spanked by
it's a level of
authenticity
I would never
even see in a person let alone a vtuber
I wish you all the success in the world
wow
you did an absolutely fantastic job
on the tryharding in the ASMR stream
I can only assume you have a really good coach
since it took me over a year to study to get to that level
a coach
like a hypno coach
no
that's just called autism
and general interest
I just apply what I like to whatever
and I do it my
also it's something I would never do otherwise
but my
but my girlfriend
has convinced me I should
do bibbutes
so I printed out 21 pages
so I can build some
additional cognitive habits
at the end of the month
what is this
what is this
what is this
what is this
additional cognitive habits
what is this
21 bibbutes for me
for me
right now
it's almost 5am
yes please rest well
for those of you who are hanging on by a thread
we're
just going to start off the dark brotherhood
at this point
I'm going to see if I can fix achievements
and possibly we can come back to Skyrim
but tomorrow is being steamrolled
by monetization celebration stream
go get those
microplastics out of you somehow
honestly
hey lassie
would you kindly read some modellups
so you can see more of the girlies
you can zoom out a bit too if you don't want to block too much of the game
someone said they don't like it
where is it
I would have to go like this
does this work hold on
does that work
it does work
that's terrible
I can't really
can't really get away with it too much
let's behave
a tomato a day keeps your bars okay
yes that is our new slogan
ladies and gentlemen
tomato a day keeps your bar health
okay
I'm still trying to eat the same strip waffle
I'm getting so distracted
so when is the audio of you rambling about
Assassin's Creed or something
well getting your
what is this guy
oh my god you guys are getting our while
I'm actually doing a
review
on
Assassin's Creed Brotherhood
which should come out around November
like I'm doing an actual game review footage
like I'm being so serious on it
so if you like hearing my accent
putting you to sleep well I can tell you
about Assassin's Creed and how amazing it is
sometimes I wish
we could see the film they're
they're pretty outrageous I'm trying my best
to like dart around them
but good night rest well those who need to rest
we love strongers the cuttlefish
in this house
strongy if you like being in games
kind of reckon Valhalla is such a
good game and I think you'll like it
I most certainly will check that out
I may have in another life thought I was
about to play it and then play the complete
wrong game which was called Helltaker I believe
and it was also a puzzle game and
I was so confused on why the game
looked so different to what I was playing
and it turns out I was playing the completely wrong
game but yes I would
love to give Valhalla a try
hi cuttles are Mondays and Tuesdays
always going to be endurance
uh
no
they are not
it's just a
a quinky dink really that I put it on Monday and Tuesday
but no they're not always going to be the endurance on those days
um
yes
having you you have about to
squid me right now by the Pope
hey strongy I am back
I know you were wondering how to pronounce
my name earlier and you had
it right as spiny is pronounced
like a spiny anteater
I'm going to be so honest
Brian did not help with my confusion
on the pronunciation of your name
tiny spiny
what
and you had it right as spiny
is pronounced pronounced like a spiny
anteater a spiny
anteater or a
spiny anteater
Brian just made that 10
times worse and I do apologize if I'm
now officially butchering it but thank you for the tip
do it
phonetically in chat like
right so it's either
spiny
or did I even
spiny
so you know
spain
e okay
spiny
we got there in the end
literally I'm renaming everyone who
who just doesn't have an easy to rename
for me
spiny
there are
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday
endurance streams yes
um most of the stream sniping
I'm trying to do for like a big amount
of time because I know not everyone's available
right at the one
time zone if you will
uh
yeah
having you you have about developmental
psychology and socially
inculcated
reactions
to stress maybe realize I really wish that physical
touch and infection was more normalized in society
especially for men male socialized people
people need more hugs easy also
I'm curious how you deal with the stress and she mentioned
you don't know how we do it
um
I always
have a goal or something to work towards
which helps distract me
from what I'm feeling in the moment
and essentially makes me like numb
and work through it
so like right now my goal is to help the girls
achieve what they want
so I'm like even though
I'm stressed
and I'm worried and I'm this and I'm
that because
they are a much more important
focus on my life
it's kind of one of those things where I can
just put it to the side for now
and right okay
what's next once I get
offline I have some lovely VTubers
who are waiting on an ASMR collab from me
I have to send away shorts
for the girls I need to record that for them
um
like I need to do
um
yeah
um
every word is hard
to pronounce if you're bad enough for example
I pronounce spatula spatula
honestly
I think having
a purpose is really useful
in general yes I agree with that
I also do it that way
it's so tough to tackle
like men's socialization
because
where does it start it starts in the
home but then where
does it get affected
secondary socialization at school
like I don't know if you guys had this
but in Scotland
um
like
it became so quickly oh that's gay
to show any affection
in any sense in a basic
hug a basic handshake
um rubbing shoulders
against each other if you're both
you get you get and it starts
from there and then that isolation
progresses
further and further to the point
where the most
natural thing which is a reassuring
hug or embrace when you meet someone
you know um
becomes this almost
taboo unfamiliar
territory um
and it is such a shame that you even have
to experience that because
of the secondary socialization
because your primary socialization which is your family
um
you know I bet your dad came home and you gave him
a big hug like oh dad
and when you went and visited your grandparents
oh granddad grand
and gave him a wee kiss and a wee hug and all that
and it all goes out
the window because of
secondary socialization
yet behind closed doors
behind closed doors behind
in families perfectly normal
absolutely normal behavior
and it's very frustrating
because
to even think of how to
tackle it where do you
even start
because the way
it's set up is it's your
fault on an individual
level that you can
do these things that you can't hug
your bro that you get you meet up with once a month
um you can
it's your fault
because you didn't keep up
with that societal norm you
didn't break the more you like see how
it's so hard to break from society's grasp
at that point
someone says how's the game going
I'm so sorry I'm currently in a rant
about the social
um
education that you get after
sorry I'm fricking going on a rant again I can't
I can't stop myself
it's fascinating stuff when you start to really
break it down it becomes
almost frustrating
when you realize how bare bones
and simplistic humans are in nature
and yet we are
sorry I'm burping away
we are our own biggest enemies
we live in a society
literally
I'm typing that too
we live
we live in our society
that's it I'm typing that in chat
that's me getting it out there we live in our society
get that out
get that off your chest you're welcome to type
we live in a society as well in chat
to get it off your chest because
we do live in a society
we live in a society
therapy stream when
oh I'm not sure I can do that
Mercy's actually doing
a like
terrible therapy advice stream
yeah yeah we truly do live in a society
um
wait yes
um
wait yes
that um
sorry I just read that refling
that was like your toes did everything for me
and I'm like hi you're welcome
after this stream tonight
with all the conspiracy talk
I need you to do conspiracy theory
talking stream with Pippa it would be incredible
love your yapping
just can't wait to get enough of the adorable cut of it
oh I don't know if I would go too far
I've not had a chance to watch Pippa's content in a very long time
um
but I don't know if I would go too far
and I'm like
um
my ideas are quite
alienating
as much as we were meming on needy streamer overload
um
my
I know you're not really supposed to talk about any of that
you're supposed to be like tihi
but yeah I'm thinking you're never know
I plan on writing
a fairly long
fantasy of mine
I've had of you it's still cringe I want to
write it though as I was extremely pent up
after you do it
is pace been fine for this yes
I recommend it
oh no strong is a moon truth
oh god what's that I don't even know what that is
I don't know how I don't know if I'd go too far
she says when talking about the yabba
okay okay okay
it would be a race to see who will go too far
you're a Pippa
I'm like I'm probably
1984 dystopian
type
allegations
I don't know what
Pippa's field is in particular
but I am dystopian
based like whatever horrors of
man-made comprehension you can think of
have occurred
you know I'm like that kind of side of things
can you see
can you please say in the thickest island accent
eh
I cast
tongue positional awareness
sorry that's a really rough accent
but there you go
what's your favourite, Pringle's favourite
uh
paprika I love Pippa
Pippa is there and lizards are in government
literally 1984
Shawnee calls
yeah
Pippa is just psycho
she'll be, she'll go way too far quicker
okay
well we shouldn't egg her on how about we just
leave this as
eh
moon truth or believes the moon is a hologram
is the conspiracy theory made up to clown on
eh
that people actually started well
well
I have terrible news I'm afraid I don't meet much
of the requirements of a conspiracy theorist
eh I'm afraid that yes
our planet is in fact
around, oh dear
very controversial I know
it's okay it's okay you can unsubscribe
unsubscribe
at least it's not far and high
four five one yet right
oh
oh
yeah
yeah far and high four five one
yeah
what happens if the reason
why um
a lot of media
before
a certain year
was kind of scrubbed on a mass level
is so people realise
eh people don't know that
in a few hundred years I try to get a sense of that
we live in a society
where I go into the darkest and most remote
German forest and someone
still reports me because I pee
against a tree
true iron reaver true
right imagine burning books
ah ha ha ha ha
you're a round aether
unsubbed I can't believe it
the moon round
the sun round
the earth on a turtle's back
and world of warcraft
that's all I'm saying
the earth is round
oh wait isn't it not like a
there's like a certain name because it's like
a wonky round and not a perfect round
ah
something like that
uh have I shared any bibboots
I actually don't
share them with the girls
um
just because
I've I don't know
I just it's never really occurred to me to do
such a thing
an oval lumpy ball yeah
lumpy ball remember to check
your balls regularly
and if you find the lump
get it checked out
ladies and gentlemen
and before you go
it's embarrassing I assure you
the person who is doing the ultrasound
on your boss act has already
looked at about 10 sacks
that day already and within
that week has probably seen over a hundred
I assure you
your resticles raggy are not that
unique okay get yourself
checked out if you are worried
an ultrasound
yeah that's what they do against your
um
if you have a bump you get an ultrasound
on your
resticle raggy
that's not the thing
is it not an ultrasound I checked
I'm clear oh I mean if you want to
I mean we could check live if you
wow I zoomed through the backlog at two
times speed after hearing
back where you read my marrow
but my raggy
sacks
I found a lump
and they have no idea what it is some things can be
completely benign like
you know we all come out a bit wonky
can you come out 100% a perfect specimen
now
it's definitely thing had me balls
just sounded clear okay
as long as you're clear
if you really want to yeah right
okay everyone follow my okay
do your hands have calluses
rougher smooth feet question mark
um I have what's called
hyper hydrosis
um especially in my feet
and I do have it in my hands
um which means my hands
are always very smooth
um I have no dryness
because I am constantly
wet
really there's nothing else
to go off by um
but yes I always have like kind of moist
hands
um so they're always soft and so are my feet
are incredibly soft so yeah
there you go now you know
I was actually
going to do a donut on reward where
I give the like
for a second and third place like
high highs that I've worn but obviously
with my sweaty feet
constantly wet they're not like dripping
not dripping I don't need
Botox if you didn't know Botox
will paralyze the
sweat cells um
but they are constantly
having like a
they're not dry put it that way
most guys hands are like dry so
when you go like when you
rub your hands together it's like
but when I rub my hands well when I put
my hands together I can fart with my hands
because they're always
clammy and wet and yeah
that's very true
I can always do that
do it on command
I can never find this emote it's called flushed
that emote is called flushed
I can do that
breathe it in lads and lasses
well you are a cuddle fish I'd be concerned
if you were tonight you're so talented
sweaty hands aren't fun
it's a little bit annoying especially
gaming with a controller
because of the heat
transfer it reflects straight back
when I'm using a controller
fart hands being
when your hands are dry just hold
shiny I will I have
enough sweat to make your hands
nice and soft as well okay
there's enough to go around I assure you
but yeah
don't read this out loud
oh my god I'm getting intel
I'm getting intel
I know you said
you wouldn't ever approach other v-tubers
but considering the similarity of line of work
would you ever consider a collab with project melody
both of you seem very knowledgeable
and passionate about
positive A in education mental health
I feel like you would be great for us
I would never say no
but at this point in time
I'm just going to focus on getting the girls
their achievements stuff
I would never say no
but to reach out is quite
daunting
I'm sure anyone can kind of relate to that kind of thing
I would never say no
I've just said that
main project melody seems to be
like opposites
and yet the same type thing
with our kind of care and all that jazz
reefling intelligent agency
since you have hyper hydrolysis
do you keep yourself well hydrated
the way that I can tell
I'm actually severely dehydrated
as my hands go dry
that's when I know
I'm like up S Creek
basically as if my hands stop
my feet will never stop
I have never been aware of my feet
stopping sweating
lucky me
I was always so embarrassed
and as well I don't know if you guys have school dance
but I used to like
rub my hands on my trousers
like really quickly before I like
and I'm sure I bet you my dance partner
like whoever you got on the day
felt like I was doing it on purpose
like oh boy
and it's like no I have a really bad sweat problem
I don't want anyone to know about it
he he
she's just like me for real
for real
melody is dark and wholesome
yet darkly lewd
you're nerdy and yappy and intensively lewd
through the sneak
I've never been to a school dance
oh I guess maybe
not every country does it
but we had to learn like
Scottish traditional dance like the gay garden
did you say the gay garden
yes gay isn't happy ha ha ha we get it
we're
called gay garden
which means happy dance
never been to a school dance can't relate
I have hyperdologists too
so I'm constantly dehydrated
suck
had school dance here in New Zealand
it was similar
cause I hate having to wipe my hands
hi
hi Astrone
what sort of maros would you hate to receive
I don't know
what would I hate to receive
I don't know
nothing really
ha ha
I don't know nothing really gets me like
I can't even think of an example
I don't know maybe like
ask me to finish a game
I didn't finish or something
or be like you suck at this game
oh my heart you've got me
I can't believe it I can't believe I didn't finish every single game I've ever started
oh you got me
I don't know I can't think of an example
I think the force this is
dances at some point in primary middle
I went to a school dance
there was not a specific dance I had to learn
ah
never went to a dance but always to the after party
ooh ballin
everyone quick tried to get under her skin
why would you want under my skin
you'd rather be
I would say in it but hold on a minute
that doesn't sound right
hold on a minute there
you suck at Skyrim
when you're gonna finish it
oh you've got me
tell me how bad I am at the RDA side
oh
you've got me I can't believe it
I should probably drink my tea and then we'll jump back into Skyrim
that's right the tunes are on
tunes are on
okay I'm hydrating
I'm hydrating
she doesn't even know how to chase the RDA
oh you've got me I didn't know
to put the grenade launcher on
who would have thought a grenade launcher
I can't believe it I'm being
I'm being dunked on
I would probably say the thing
that would genuinely upset me the most
is if someone sent me something nasty
about the daughters
and obviously if that starts to appear
in the inbox I know it's
not to pay heed
but it's probably the worst thing I can imagine
but then again I was like
well you're subjecting me to that and not them
so
it is what it is
I like how she goes idle
I self defend
well it's actually for hunting
but
I think it can be used
for a distraction as well before I ink on you
I just ink on you and run away
like what you're gonna do about it
before you can even react I'm already gone
if you ever play a follow game
do you go for stats or stylists
oh stats
I absolutely cannot
for the life of me
by the pope
what
no way miss Morgan
that's hilarious
that's hilarious
congrats on getting back
hopefully work went well
and it wasn't too painful or perishing
that's absolutely hilarious
thank you for the tip
inks on you leaves refuses to elaborate
like an absolute chattel fish
that's right chattel fish I'll take that title
she blasted on me and ran away
what if I ink faster than you
one minute 56 I think
beat that good luck
like you can't
you literally can't beat that record I'm sorry
okay I finished my tea
right let's see about actually getting
oh wait no I was in the sky room
but now I need to turn my controller on
I
I
go to sleep
I'm gonna sneeze
I'm gonna sneeze
okay there we go
where are we heading
I need to get a letter
so I'm going to do some sacred things
my ears oh sorry I forgot
I'm a loud sneezer my apologies
hopefully that wasn't too bad
get some height
do you like being a bicep
no I want to sell
what have you got for sale
if I could give you a tissue
oh no no I just wiped my snot on your hoodie
I don't need a tissue
just give me your hoodie
don't be shy
give me your hoodie
give me your hoodie bring it over
right I'm not gonna sell that
that's silly
alright just use my sleeve
she suddenly started a mustang
how did you manage to finish that early
you know guys aren't the only
one that
might have a bit of the
cream
and yeah
I'm a bit of a fiend
for it so
yep
at ease
at ease
I can't get this quest started
don't want to do that one
retrieve the
sure we can do that
we'll go retrieve the glove whilst we get the courier
to do his thing
the glove the horn
how much would you guys pay for that
hoodie
just come to the convention I'll snot on it for free
just bring grass pollen
or flowers
in a way I'm like really allergic to that stuff
can't go outside
which is funny because I have
a seed collection which I really enjoy
but of course seeds don't have pollen
issues on them although collecting them
sometimes can have traces of pollen
but it's not really a big deal like if you know what you're doing
a snot
okay okay okay our first dragon
come land okay it's just a basic
dragon
please land
please land
oh
of course it resisted soul trap
it's a dragon
I'm the freaking
soul gem for the dragon I don't know where we're
pretending otherwise
oh
hold on
must have on his little there we go
I had just emptied like
all of my inventory only to pick all of that up again
that was quite a reaction
wait what did I do
did I make a funny noise seed collection
yeah you didn't see my stream yesterday
I showed off my seed collection
at like one hour in
mud crab down
obliterate that dragons one
ankle I know I smashed it
into dust and he is like okay I'm done
I'm done here
wow that was really easy
what a bad dragon
you don't have to tell me twice I'll keep cracking these
jokes all day long
I love hearing you narrative about your seeds
I can do like an actual informal
informational stream
I think there's four ways of seed dispersal
air
hook
berry
is there one more
is it chippers
like strawberries and potato
I think I need to beat the absolute
yeah I need to beat
everything I need to do
oh
one shot I love when they're one
shot oh my gosh
right stop
yeah don't do that again
do you understand me
do you understand me
good boy
because don't do that again
the fourth is cranking
boom yeah yeah
tomato tomato wait what
oh that jogger just
absolutely perishing them
oh my god this is getting very loud
I don't know how loud it is for you guys this is like
puk puk puk puk puk
in my ears
it's all the sound effects going off right now
okay this way this way is my guess
uh
hello
goodbye
hello
goodbye
hello
goodbye
oh no that's not it
this is the opposite of ASMR
ASMR thank you
turn down the volume after this
turn down the volume
uh
audio
yeah
turn it down a bit more
ooh
ooh
more damage
I need to enchant
that one
are we good boys because we are reeflings
or are we reeflings because we're good boys
uh
ow
the skeleton's always do that
oh no you turned into my oopsies
well I've committed now
there should be a skeleton here
on the outskirts
I knew it
we all
so captured
that is a
okay I never made it in time
that's okay
uh you can just go this way
if you really don't want to do the fight
Lydia should actually clean up
any enemies
oh I'm getting
so many soul gems
I'm gonna make so much money
selling all the enchanted
jewelry
what's going on in here
I can never remember
I think there's something back there
a hint
oh my god I'm getting so many
fricking souls
might as well call this game
George what's that one do
what is this
oh an enchantment room where are the odds
literally the very thing that I'm here for
well not here for
cause I'm actually doing a quest
alright okay sure take the dagger
200 feels so good
right so I can
I can enchant this
possibly with
soul trap
and then give it a
greater soul gem
these are all petty
okay give it a greater
and then the other stuff
will just shove anything on it
doesn't really matter
as long as we just get some
XP
we're at 44 already
fantastic
just shoving
anything on it
and these are worth a lot so as our
speech goes up we get even more money as time
goes on
okay
no I
don't actually believe this is from
software action RPG Dark Souls
actually Shawnee can you say
enchantment like
sandal from da
what's this
I'm so sorry you're gonna have to
jog my memory sorry Lydia you were right
in my way yet again
dragon age oh I haven't played
dragon age I'm so sorry
I do apologize
my soul now
my soul now
my soul now
yank my soul now
yank my soul now
okay this was good I like this
what's going on here
there's another one yank my soul now
and last but not least
yank
Lydia wants to do the honors
are you okay
do me do me
right there's a word of power down here
you do have to go the long way around
I'm new here and you're so gorgeous
oh thank you
people say I have watamel in here
but yeah thanks for hanging out
I'm Shawnee
I can't believe I haven't introduced myself
I'm Shawnee
I'm Scottish so I'm not the easiest
to understand
we're currently just meming around on Skyrim
because I was originally gonna
do an achievement run but my achievements
aren't even working for some reason
even though I'm on Xbox Game Pass
so we are gonna redirect
in one hour into a gen mate of mine
who's a yandere so if you got a
thing for yandere's
you'll be screaming for mercy either
way
oh wait sorry
you'll be screaming for mercy either way
oh thank you
thank you
alright right how do I do this
oh I hit the wall
hit the wall literally
okay I'm okay
I don't know how I got away with that but that was okay
alright these are fire plates
but honestly because I'm
such a super skilled gamer
legendary mode they don't hurt me the way
they would hurt you if you were on legendary
it's okay
should be a spider
right on cue
right on cue
oh got all these souls
peanut butter and jade
along the way
I find you very easy to understand thank goodness
cause I make effort to annunciate
should be here all evening folks
or at least for the next hour
Brian
strong is our little
wonderful tintin fish
I'm a tintin fish
tintin fish
yeah
thank you for the tip iron reaper
turn to my german at this rate what's going on here
oh yeah
no what is that
I
I really do not recall that
ever occurring but sure
right
mysterious no
dragonborn I need to speak to you urgently
rendiatic room at the sleeping giant
and in river mid and I'll meet you
a friend a friend
you yoinked my horn
give me that
you don't deserve it
give me them riches
give me them
major grip
that's what I need
I'll be wearing gloves of major grip
for the convent right enough
enough too many jokes
too many jokes
I'm getting out outrageous
I'm getting out outrageous
what is sad your german is better
than some people that lived here for over
10 years
the only german
tick tock I know is like these people in the supermarket
and it's like
they are doing skits
and the guy goes babe
when it scans the item
and then they always say something I never have any idea
what's going on but they always go bitter
bitter dina bitter bitter bitter
like bitter
has so where am I going
where am I going
I'm lost
bitter has like so many different things
that's all they say
in your case
wouldn't bits of major grip be better
what am I planning to do
with my feet
I need to be firmly planted to the ground at the convention
what's going on here
oh the german tongue twister
the rhubarb custard thingy
freaking one
I don't know exactly
what you mean
there are enemies nearby
where
go and then who wants some
I don't know bandits
give me that
full crew
are you
oh he said thank you
cause I put him out of his thingy
oh the grippers
take me to the floor by myself
oh
I completely forgot that happens when you loot someone's
like
clothes
I do apologize for that one
I caught me by surprise
even though I've done it a few times now
good thing you don't have a mod
this is why we play vanilla cause
I would have probably forgotten
finally
okay we do the brotherhood
from who
okay
we're gonna go back to the brotherhood
do do do do do
we'll stay the night in white run
so we can listen to ragnar the red
hey chat
are you being leveling up
I've been getting distracted
if that's what you're talking about
cultist orders
many things
no
mysterious no
okay the other mysterious no
we know
oh no
do they know
they know
oh no
okay let's see if we can listen to ragnar the red
cause I want ragnar the red
are you the bard
are you the bard
I'm a bard by trade
yay
ready
ready
wait can I sit on the bench
yeah shush shush shush everyone
I want to hear I want to hear shush shush shush
who once was a hero named ragnar the red
who came riding to white run from old
warwick fed
shush shush
no
gold that he made
but when he went quiet
did ragnar the red
shield maiden matilda who said
oh you talk and you lie
in your drink or me now I think
it's high time that you lie down
and bleed
slashing of steel
is a brave last matilda changing
full of zeal
both will no more win
with ugly red
head rolled around on the floor
can I give you money
cause you took my tip
cause you took my request
oh okay well that's a shame
we did it
right I would like one room please
walk away literally I'm like do you know one money
like I just made a specific
request and you did it like oh I'm stuck
why am I stuck okay I was odd
right time to go to sleep
and totally not be kidnapped
I mean
smile
shut up and take my money
my friend used that song
for one of her classes and got an A
he yanked it and then submitted it as his own
that's actually really smart
astrid
sleep well
well where am I
and who are you
does it matter
you're warm dry and still very much
alive
that's more than can be said for old
grailard
you know about that
half of skyrim knows
old hag gets butchered in her own orphanage
things like that tend to get around
oh but don't misunderstand
I'm not criticizing
it was a good kill
old crone had it coming
and you saved a group of urchins
to boot
but there is a slight
did we make a oopsie
a problem
you see that little erotino boy
was looking for the dark brotherhood
aha
and my associates
grailard the kind was by all rights
a dark brotherhood contract
a kill
that you stole
it's an honest mistake
you must repay
you want me to murder someone else
well now funny you should ask
if you turn around
you'll notice my guests
I've collected them from
well that's not really
important
and now that's what matters
you see
there's a contract out on one of them
and that person can't leave
this room alive
but oh
there's a contract
see if you can figure it out
hmm make your choice
make your kill
I just want to observe
and deny it
we will use our interrogations
alright I'll do it I'll kill one of them
see
I knew we could resolve this civilly
a debt owed must be repaid
you understand
oh we want to kill the spree now
we'll become serial killer overnight
pick your guest
and send the poor fool to the void
thank you for the key to this shack
and you'll be on your way
curious
okay with friends like
the kill one of the captives
let's have a little talk
I can hear you talking out there
please let me go
with someone paid to have you kill
what?
oh god
I don't want to die
uh
don't be afraid
you can tell me
well I guess it's possible
I've been selling my sword
arm for years now
it kills a lot of people
could be someone wanted revenge
but
she be in the harem
they're coming
we're totally not about to
perish someone but it's okay
so who are you
he's a sell sword
hi harem
hi sheebie how was her yapping stream
was she yapping your head off
well
no but thank you
we now have sell swords
who are you
hi quality yapping stream from sheebie
that's what I like to see baby
we are
interrogating three people we're to perish
one of them to fulfill a contract
with someone paid to have you killed
alia
it's alright
just tell me what I need to know
I'm a woman living in Skyrim
with six children and no husband
I don't have the time or the patience to be
six children
it's me
wait no five children
dang it
okay
hmm
and you
hi yo
hi sheebie
we're currently doing the dark brotherhood quest
maybe you are your own child
obtainer of goods
why would you admit that
and would someone pay to have you killed
Vasha
come on you can tell me we're all friends
here
this reminds me of my dungeon
this place reminds me of the dungeon
the blood everywhere and all the cages
and things
right if you don't know
who to perish
I'm gonna show you a trick
wait am I being dumb
doesn't that normally cast a path
am I going crazy
does that not
wait I could have sworn if you did that
it leads to the guy
turn around
oh it's just telling me
wait is that because
hold on hold on
hold on hold the
phone hold it right now in your hand
hold it in your hand right now right now hold
pause
there
that's how you know who you're supposed to kill
now it doesn't actually matter who you kill
as long as someone perishes
but there you go
that's how you know who you're supposed to perish
remain silent
we know we did right
it is in my hand
you could perish Astrid
oh no so I'm free to go
I'm free to go
um
it's just beneath the road
hidden from view
when questioned by the black door
silence my brother
silence my brother
I'll see you at home
Curious Astrid Curie
oh Lydia you're not supposed to be in here
more like Lydia
I'm sorry
I know I said I was gonna read in a mercy
and I really want to
I really do but I'm really into the dark brotherhood quest
oh there's enemies nearby hold on
if it doesn't even be up I'll do it
identify yourself
scanning
area
say that again please
just more slowly
wait what did I say
I forgot Lydia was waiting outside so you didn't have to enter
can I travel
now you got Falkreath
there we go
don't forget to raise your voice
mercy stream doesn't start for
50 minutes right speed run right at school
are you squidding me right now
by the pope
could I get an ever elusive strongy good girl
please
oh no you're oh I feel embarrassed though
I'm like oh my voice isn't good enough for that
good girl
oh it's weird hearing in my Scottish
voice
you're a good girl oh I'm
embarrassed what the heck
thank you for the tip Ms. Morgan
oh my god wait
right
who's a good girl oh my voice
cracked nah this is cringe hold on
hold on
who's a good girl
it's you isn't it
yes
so it's time for your reward
there's this freak
there's this freak
silence
silence my brother
thank you
I'm like guess who's me
I'm the girl
I'm like oh god
I'm like oh it really
really appealed to the girl before now you're getting me all embarrassed
what the heck
that's the kickoff no this is my first time
my first time
emmy greeting pin pals
so what happens now astrid
I feel girly
oh yeah you feel girly
should we go ahead with the EOE that's in
you took her first
oh I like that
I'm honored to be a part of the family
astrid
we're about to meet the gang
the girlies are winning this one tonight
I forgot about this part of the
brotherhood quest line
we have to basically
oh
may it serve your
endeavour
do filter requests
I think
right let me go say hi
me and the boys
hello
hey wait here we go
oh you're such a pretty little girl
with a sweetie like a sweetie
oh yes
how about some chocolate
oh yes please kind sir
my mom and papa left me all alone
and I'm so very hungry
I know a shortcut to the candy shop
through the valley
oh yeah very good
very good
mine's dark down here
oh but you're so beautiful
such a lovely smile
yoji no
I'm not that tall
I'm not that short are you serious
you think I'm that small
compared to everyone
let me see the dark brotherhood can help me
oh the young and stupid
always mocking the experience
in the world
my contract went very well
try to do spell
I'm upset at the wrong way around
young boy me
came this close to turning
that priest inside out
damn messy
what of your latest
something about a kajii
merchant woman
oh I think
Douglas is a little pretty
how adorable
haha group bullying
you can't ever escape bullies
even in the workplace
haha
I think emi would not be
on scale in styrene
haha
workplace bullying
I can't wait to have to go to HR
and report all of that
enemy where did pearl learned
pearl kill mark of death
dwindling dysfunction
a little family
toxic work environment
love
you will hear even more
I assure you
I wish I had one
I'm sorry I don't
I'm sorry I lied to you Nazim
Astra said you got some work for me
did she now
nah haha
loin cloth sniff
and more
dribbling in from time to time
I'll assign them to
you have one
completed at your leisure
since simple enough
it is
these aren't particularly glamorous assassinations
I'll be honest
don't pay much either
but they'll keep you busy
just do them as you're able
there's no real time limit
the targets aren't going anywhere
the targets
aren't going anywhere
okay
so what now
did you get me them
I'm ready for the first set of contracts
okay thank you thank you thank you stop
stop no more talking
thank you
probably gonna miss the end of the stream goodnight
rest well don't worry I am
just doing
bit the brotherhood yeah
bit the cheeky brotherhood
yee and then
um
we're just gonna go to the
freaking dawn star
um
yeah we're not really doing anything
so please don't worry
about going to sleep
what
let's see
there's a new lady in charge of the
she asked me to hand out these notices
to everyone I met
looks like that's it
uh wait what does it say
oh consider adoption
wanted a good home in these days
of born strife the orphans of skyrim
true victims many have no one left to turn to
and face the life of hard labour poverty
and misery if you could provide a stable
home from one of these innocent children
please consider adoption whether you choose to
adopt from us or take in someone
closer to home you can
make a difference in a child's life for more
information inquire within
Constance Michelle uh honorary
hall rifton okay that is a very nice
note she definitely is
shaking
care of
those children a bit more
yes we are just going for a cheeky stab
yeah there should be someone
in a tent over here um
I don't know if we could
I could have sworn you can speak to this
person and they recognize you as
someone from the dark brotherhood but
they don't do anything about it I'm like
99% sure
why are you here get away from me
uh
you are right to be paranoid
what what do you mean
oh oh oh no
no
please don't kill me
oh shit I missed wait
hold on
no
okay maybe I thought
he didn't run away
uh but I guess he did
uh right had I get to I'll just take
I'll just go westward from here
time to adopt six children for gen 2
oops let's not talk about gen 2
oh no
I love
that actively
wait you can't go that way
I love that actively when you talk
like when you do stuff in Skyrim
like the NPCs kind of discuss it
I think that's such a cool little
detail I have to admit for a game
for a game that came out in
2011 and was produced
like before that that was pretty
I don't give a that's pretty decent you know
like you're
gonna give it to them sometimes can't
can't give them all the credit but you gotta give it to them
sometimes uh unfortunately I believe
we do we have to go south
no we don't
I'm just taking super
long obnoxious way so I'm
going to teleport back and then I'm basically
just gonna go along the water's edge
to get to the stone store
death is highly overrated
infamous last words
IS the elusive warhammer
staff literally oh you didn't see it coming
just imagine how cool
Skyrim 2 will be
did they even announce it yet
or am I going crazy and they have
jeez how do I get down
I've not just done that have I
that'll be fine
that'll be fine on the old ankles
right maybe this will do
easy easy just
edge it a little bit
nice and slow slowly
slower
good boy
that's terrible
I shouldn't do that that's no need
you shouldn't egg me on either
Elder Scroll 6
is in development
okay okay
I could have sworn
they hardly freaking
talk about the damn thing
I can't with you oh my god
literally it's too easy
the problem is you give me too much power
and then I get high on it and I just
do it all the time
I'm not being funny that girl gave me far too
much power with me seeing them freezes
excuse you
excuse you
give me your soul
no
oh I'm out of soul gems
where the heck am I going
where the heck am I supposed to
go straight ahead
into the water
why not get a horse it takes too
long doesn't it I thought it tastes like
fruit and the horse aren't even that fast
don't you beat me up
I'll beat you
I'll smack you on your forehead it is
um
I don't mind giving you the power
you're still going strong
yeah sorry
I am
I am going to redirect into mercy
because unfortunately my achievements bugged out
so it kind of
may or may not have defeated
the whole purpose of this achievement
run
man we keep running into Talos
literally he was like that snake
and then he was like yeah I don't care
I can't I'm boss
I'm bossing on me
what if we
weflings get the power
anarchy
very classic if you power over me
bro if you're actually making me blush
you need to stop
I'm like oh my god a girl
me you like me
can't comprehend it
can't comprehend it doesn't make sense
what do you mean the Scottish accent
can you cringe out your boots
what do you mean
surely too much power
Talos knows
see I'm a little I'm walking in a Talos
north west
so I can't even talk
I'm getting flustered
thinking there's a girl watching me what the fuck
okay right I'm just
going to confess this straight off the bat
so I used to play Call of Duty
and whenever there was like a girl on my team
I used to get really flustered and I couldn't even talk properly
I just like completely clam up
and I'm just like uh uh uh
and I just get really like freaking terrible about it
so it's really I don't know why
I still haven't come over yet
because I played a few rounds of valorant and it happened
there was a girl on my team and I couldn't speak
at all in voice chat and I don't know what it is
and it's not even like
I'm trying to like impress her or anything
I just like get all weird and like
I don't want to bother her you know I'm being weird
oh
I'm like
it's not like I'm trying to like pick someone up
or anything and I'm like freaking Call of Duty
I don't know why I get all clammed up and it's happening
it's literally happening right now in live stream
and I'm like oh my god now everyone knows I'm a weirdo
and I'm like uh
talking to Wham is hard
okay
better not speaking and starting
to say bad jokes
she's just like the majority of guys
climbing up like basically every other
player of honestly
girls are still here
wait until she really is
so the reason
why it feels like it's different
for valorant girls is because
like I'm not trying to
I don't know
I'm not like trying to
you know get anything out of them
no that sounds really odd that makes it sound like I'm
freaking honing in that sounds really odd
hold on
let me think anything
thank you for the dono iron reaper again
or the tip one or the other
it's either the tip or the dono
either you're giving me the tip or the D
it's up to you your choice
call that a clam gem
shawney climbing up
if speaking to women is hard
then you sure are very talented at it
well I'm like freaking my hands are sweating
now and I'm getting my faces
already it's burning up I can feel it
and I'm like oh my god I need to like
right hold on
can I even
can I hurt you on your own balcony
no
question mark
oh my god look at the way
that was my business
oh I got detected
oh yeah
oh yeah I got detected
get me out
get me out
get me out
there is a sanctum here by the way
for the don star
based off of yesterday's stream
most of us can probably give you
the tip
honestly
didn't you say that your hands are always sweating
yes but I am
I do have physical reactions
to like stressors and it can make them sweat
even more my left hand is currently soaked
and my right hand
I'm like touching my face
hi sleigh saber
you're not a girl too are you
I can't take anymore
I can't take anymore I'm losing it
yes
right what was I saying
right because the violour girls are
like
mm-hmm
I don't have any it's not like I'm trying to
do anything no I'm trying to do
anything I don't want to sound like I'm prederon
oh I can't
freaking say sentence anyway this is skyrim
it's a really good game it came out in 20
actually came out on November the 11
2011
which is release date was 11 11
11 11 which was really
cool little tidbit
if you didn't know
okay I'm getting absolutely trolled right now
the weather
anyway
anyway hi
nothing I don't want anything
anything
wait oh I got bounty
added to me that's not good that means the guards
are always going to come up to me unless I clear the bounty
could you imagine
you could start short circuiting
well that's why the plastic on like the controller
and that is really good for that
that issue
I got steam
I fear for the girl
I say
I didn't know you were there
oh my gosh
I say that was terrifying
this is the riskiest
thing I've ever done
do not go down a waterfall whatever you do
by the way that's a terrible choice
can I teleport back to
I can't no I can't
are you still playing on
legendary yes I am
I never was
not playing legendary at any point
I can show you again if you want
look a little to the left
okay look a little to the left
it's really cute that you're getting flustered over this
when every time you speak makes me flustered
what was I saying
thank you for the tip
Miss Morgan I appreciate it
what was I
showing
oh yeah I'm on legendary
look a little to the left see look see
legendary
I've been on it the entire time
I don't know why anyone thinks
I'm not on legendary for some reason
the proof is right on screen right now
so it's rather odd
rather
yeah see fair enough yeah
just the
oh wait hold on
look a little to the right again okay there you go boom
what do you mean see
where am I
oh I'm still running away from the guards
the guards aren't chasing me
they can be
I'm in the middle of a waterfall
the guards are chasing me
oh there's an in route
let's go get an in route
thank you for the tip again Miss
Morgan
I never doubt
what you mean me
in fact they have made
legendary for strong specifically because
the game was too easy
true Andrew
am I being
can I just
teleport to my location so I can
progress with my campaign
what is shooting bow and arrows at me
is that Lydia
is Lydia turned against me too
get me down the stream I'm a fish
I'm actually a fish get me
this is literally what it looks like from
the outside POV
you're just zooming down the rocks
okay can we
teleport now
yes we can
she's just so good guys honestly
I get so much
she might have changed or something
well I was going nope not at all
absolutely not definitely a
MLG gamer
and she tells you a problem
because I'm so good literally I don't know
why people seem to struggle not playing on legendary
oh Cicero
you dare risk disobedience
and surely
punishment
are you squiddin me right now
by the Pope
the benefits of being Scottish so use it
to your advantage as much as you can
okay
thank you for the tip Kitsune
use my Scottish accent
to my advantage
I think I might
or may not be
mildly
rather submissive at the moment
so I can't think of much to say
oh pardon me
putting out my weapon in the middle of a cutscene
Cicero
we've got business to discuss
do you have a contract for me
is this over for Marsh
feeling submissive feels like a huge hammer
honestly
why does Cicero sound like junk
oh why would you say something like that
I've already done that
nice Cicero
it's good to meet you too Cicero
just keep your distance Jester and we'll get along just fine
it's good to meet you
aww
I would like to keep him alive this time
why did you come to the sanctuary Cicero
come to Bravil
aggressive sub
how much did they spend on this
freaking voice actor Hughes
he nailed it
what are your duties of a keeper
tell me about yourself Cicero
not about the night mother
by the pope who goes there
thank you
nice Brian
for delivering that
have you got a pole
I want the pole if you've got a hole I want the hole
don't swap
you don't need a swap
the listener
what's a listener Cicero
Stroney's an equal opportunist
are you scooting me right now
you dislike Cicero
oh you don't like his character
our lady has not chosen
I mean like Cicero
I like to dislike Cicero
but Cicero is like trying to
a little rush
Stroney's such a good
right you're done
collectively you're done
oh wait I was supposed to hand in the contract
so we didn't pay attention
thank you for the tip anonymous
but no you got a pole keep the pole
you got a hole keep the hole
don't be swapping stuff around
there's a whole other conversation that can come out of that
but we can't even get into that
we're going to very slowly hand over
all the freaking things
that was lovely to be backdrop
thank you for the tip I appreciate that
I'm glad
I was worthy
to wait for
after all this time
it had been a while
I have to
make up for lost time
why you want to eat me
I don't even thought about that
oh yeah I want to eat calamarian stuff
no you're not supposed to want to eat it
thank you
but the
pick one
I like how Lydia just respectfully
like hangs outside she's like yeah I'm not going to come in
it's not my problem
you are more than worth it thank you
I appreciate it
there was a lot of
I don't know what the word is
I suppose emotional turmoil
is a bit of a dramatic
oh
lower
yeah I'm fine
he was shouting about the foreign swore
that was it
swore swore
number 65 years in the past
do you know anything
okay thanks for the note mate
I'm not doing that questline yet hello
hello
the dark brother has come
we're here
I'd prefer it raw like sushi
we're not supposed to want to eat it
no
one year for this totally worth it
I'm freaking glad because
there was like yeah the emotional turmoil
like a lot of like
bad memories came back to the surface
but they got completely
manually overrated
just because of like
the love and like
everything that we didn't
like the girls
and I couldn't have predicted anything
at all
it was impossible to predict
and we were dealing with a major
calling at the time
which was really messing with
how to predict anything at all
okay but what were we supposed to do
with the fish
I can give it
explicit detail
would you like explicit detail
we love you love you little replay
please do someone says lick it
take the dirt
right home that's all you have to do
nice and easy
wait is there someone here I need to perish
was that not just told to come in here
wait did I read the map wrong
I think I might read the map
map wrong
you hear about the story of a dude
who put a fish in his pants
no I did not is this bad
am I supposed to perish her
she's so messed up are you okay
her mother should have to bury her daughter
wait so why does
why does she have to be
perished
if it's optional I'm not actually gonna do it
cause that's really mean
I have a perfect mean for the situation
cherish the fish worship the fish
pour for all mortal possessions but no
no that is nothing
why are you shouldn't
oh you've just
attacked those bandits no wonder they're shouldn't
we need to go a little to the right
but I can forfeit the fish
best I can forfeit to fish is to
no keep it
no give money to fish
unless
is there even an unless
I don't even think there's really an unless
in that scenario
okay is it it's not that one
no it's up here
I'm not really sure
if I'm gonna be able to make it to this checkpoint
cause definitely not
supposed to be coming up the sheer cliff face of a mountain
only give money if you can afford it
yeah but even then
like there I feel like there's so many
attachments to it and it's like
only give it if you're financially stable
only give it if you
are like genuinely enjoying the content
only give it if
like you know you've treated
yourself and you know you've got
savings and all that and you're looking after
yourself like if you're in debt
or anything like that no
it's a big no no
like you don't need to be donating
to myself and I'm sure the via lure girls
all agree with me
like make sure you're sorted
out first make sure you're
secure first like having a good time
I swear to god if I read any of the comments
that go I'm living in a cardboard box
watching you on neighbors
Wi-Fi on a stolen
laptop cause I don't have any more
more possessions of this world
yeah yeah reflins
I know your memes
I know your memes
you're too considerate
give views to fish yes you
are more than welcome if you have the spare time
and you don't have like other responsibilities
then fish
you are welcome to watch fish
are you squidding me right now
by the pope who goes there
all requirements check
okay Zaryn thank you for the tip
please
do look after yourself guys
cause it is important
I don't I think I can just skip them
to be honest I'm gonna just skip them
we don't need to type
you're so sweet so based if you do that
I actually live
in the under dark sorry what is
the under dark
oh sorry
sorry I know it's not a fair fight
cause you're relying down
okay that's really smart though
are you squidding me right now
who goes there
oh my god my call fish
thank you anonymous for the tip
or the D your choice
should we settle on the D
or the tip
or is it funnier when I just mention both
but thank you very much for the
quick tip I pursued
way fish give
life lessons
I will always give life lessons
I think it's very important to consider
life experiences
an XP bar
and when you talk to people
and when you get to hear other perspectives
you are very slowly filling up that bar
and a very big
life lesson
can be
hold on hold on
I'm wrecking and decking right now
hey
oh right okay well
you weren't really I thought
okay that was really bizarre
is this book
do you also get XP
but you also get XP for hurting people
what just wait until you find
the one butthole
who's
just enough XP to level up
oh no like seriously
I don't mind talking about like oh
I can teach you guys about debt and how it works
and how credit cards work
I genuinely believe credit cards
are the absolute spawn of
Satan for lack of better words
they're terrible
and once you get sucked into them
and you're uneducated in them
it's like obviously not part of your curriculum
surprise surprise
I wonder why
oh that's right we're going down the conspiracy theory hole again
like gee willikers I wonder why you're not told
about how to do your taxes
properly I wonder how you're not told to
financially gee it's almost like
the world runs if people
are on debt because of the way society is
set up because we love capitalism
which is why I absolutely
do not
want any
like tips or support
you do not have to give me any monetary
um
for that kind of thing
based
oh literally
I could go on a massive essay
about that kind of thing
you know what I'm in
shut the fuck up
put on
and on
shut the fuck up he goes
you stream sleight up my cardboard box
and on
and on
bend over
bend over
you're done
you're done
you're absolutely done bend over
no I don't want to hear it
I don't want to hear no
that's terrible don't say that
there's a safety word
no we use that
I'm a cephalopod
I cephalopods on you
cephalopods on you
I only live to serve
he'll sit this
oh very good
very good indeed
you my dear
are going to fit in here quite nicely
now I need your assistance
with a matter of a more
personal nature
in me
it's Cicero
but it's worse than that
who is he speaking with
what are they planning
I'll just remain silent
she calls a good girl
I think she said very well done
very
very well done
very well done
very well done
I'm in prayer
but that seems so disrespectful
she's gonna put me in a coffin
I need to go
I need to go
I need to go hug skeleton
mommy
there's how you girls all call me
mommy
yeah happily
actually yeah I really need to get on that
oh I have to lock
pick the coffin
you can have just given me a key
I have to lock pick into a coffin
oh
thank you for the tips
and a warrior
I'm sorry night mother do forgive me
for this little shuffle
10 minute mercy reminder
okay they got me flustered
alone
sweet solitude
no one will hear us
disturb us
everything is going to plan
what should we do with the oyster
nothing let me DJ okay
I DJ you do the rest
the unchild
that's an interesting term
for the vampire child
an unchild
a non child
I do the talking
the talking
the seeing
the seeing
and what do you do
nothing
nothing
nothing
nothing
I'm not that angry
I'm not angry
I'm never
this VA
can't talk this
I always understand
sister with voice acting
haaaand
enjoying the stream from my cardboard box
okay
my neighbours wifi
I'm not poor just a successful member of the thieves
okay I know and that was creative
I'll give you that
so the thieves killed
it's night mother's voice
thank you for the tip again and no no more
my
my xbox always crashed
at the night mother this scene
and the
embrace her second scene
always breaks on xbox 360
doesn't matter what you do
shadow thief money gang
we love stealing items
where's the night mother's
patreon
I don't get it
thank you for the tip and
repay
drywall
versus a brick wall
are we making fun
of American houses
wait until we get started
about tornado alley
wait a minute
that's not how
geographical
locations work
what
ah sister roof
defiler
he's so good
speak worm
I feel like that doesn't
speak worm in my accent
could you imagine I like
catch you doing something
like explain yourself
speak worm
no that does not work at all
the night mother spoke to me
she said I am the one
I am the one the only one
don't need a gun to get respect
up off the streets
lie
sister's view
I really didn't have to go that hard
he's so good
wait it works
what should my worm speak
my worm simply inks
why is he jelly
wait she said to tell you darkness rises
when silence falls
darkness rises when silence dies
yes sister roof
yes
what
German walls are 25
to 30 centimeters thick
you know what else is there
you're sick three of these
thank you for the tip again iron reaper
I appreciate it
god damn you give me a lot of money
that's a lot of
oh he's dancing
dancing
why did that humming
mumbling sound remind me of seabag
I'm so sorry I hum it
tornado alley
is tornado alley is a conspiracy theory
it's just you have four ceiling houses
and the night for insurance
reveal yourself traitor
but she didn't speak to me
oh no
she's doing a little jake
he's adorable
what is this lunacy
sister rose infectious
without happy he is
blinks it's chosen it's chosen
yes I'm already
yes I'm fine I don't know I haven't so fast yet
it's true the night Miller spoke to me she said I was the one
the only one don't need a gun to get
respect up off the streets
my enemies your enemies we wet them up
like a canteen
sorry
just the night mother's body
no two night mother
I like the Scottish version
I am the one the only one don't need a gun
to get the respect up off the streets
my enemies your enemies we wet them up
like a canteen
yeah you like that
I hope nothing bad happens to sister rose
I must speak to someone named
almond motieri
in
volunerud
should I go should I talk to the man
that
oh dear she's not happy
oh
sister
sister did you
want to be the listener though
noo
her's gone
are we shooting
Astrid feels the power
slipping away yeah
and the night mother chose you
for a reason I'm sure
sister will remain that
be keeper
will the night mother
speak to me again
surely you're pulling
sister oh I don't know
yeah I'm like you I'm sorry sister
oh sorry
I don't know
but speak she will
the night mother is part of you now
you get to hear voices inside
ooh
I'm not taking my man
real golden retriever energy
um okay
oh wait do you have a new line
for tell me
oh sister is just the keeper
I keep
a
prime of the listener
oh no
you are the listener
he's like so happy
sorry to walk away mid conversation
you do be talking a lot those sister
you know
I think you're a bigger yapper than me
and that's a hard title to
join call for me
hi Nazim Nazir sorry
um
Astrid wanted me to see you about some more work
what time is it
oh mercy's on
okay okay okay okay
positive tunes positive tunes
right I'm gonna see if I can
get these
out with it woman
I'm going to see
if I can fix these achievements
because there's really not a reason
why they shouldn't be working
however
tomorrow's stream is going to be
oh I can hear myself twice go away
mercy my audience
um
is she live
oh she is live what's she doing
advice giving give me your troubles and I'll make them worse
mercy that's
honestly a hilarious concept
I might be doing that later down the line
my idea now I'm kit but
right I
am going to see if I can fix my achievements
if not it's not really
the biggest thing issue ever
I will be
um
I will be what
tomorrow I will be doing my monetization
celebration stream
oh
do I really have to make
it five dollars on the nose I really
like the idea it was 999
to support your wishy day
but
why
oh no you can tell I'm not screened right
oh my god no
truthy guild master
thank you for the stream you're more than welcome
thank you for hanging and
I will redirect into
mercy
and grab some monetization thanks
oh
can you do a collab with the girls where you do a round
of terrible advice that would actually be quite funny
I wouldn't mind doing that
um
our next collab is actually
power washer sim where you get to see us all together
because someone
not naming names
refling guessed the entire
reason why we're playing power washer first
out of all the games
of course you had to figure out what the
freaking plot was
um
but yes I will see you giffy givers
tomorrow
brushing your teeth oh I don't have
my toothbrush here
can we
am I allowed to do it tomorrow
I'll still work my teeth
but we'll do it on stream tomorrow like after
the uh
the foot part
but thank you so much for having me
thank you for letting me do another
uh well it wasn't a fool
endurance but it was almost a fool endurance
it wasn't too bad um
tomorrow is getting
bulldozed for
monetization celebration so be there
or be a square
um I won't be up for too long definitely
non endurance stream but please don't worry
if you can't make it the void will remain
up I will be a good girl
just like you you'll be a good boy
wouldn't you
or a good girl
yeah only nine over stream
yeah just uh just a little bit
but yes we will be good together
and we don't need to worry
um it should remain up
and
uh I think that's everything I
have to say it's possible
do we have
to stagger our monetization celebration
days
or can I
if I did two if I did two hours
and then perfectly read into chibi
yeah that's fine
if she decides to do hers as well
because I'm not going to tell her not to do it you know
I'm not going to say no
six I was shaking my head
I'm such a fake gamer I can't believe
I'm such a rubbish streamer nine hours
she said again
okay I have to learn that being called a good boys
okay I've learned
that being called a good boys move
oh it's supposed to make you weak in the knees
you're supposed to get weak in the knees for me
it's simple okay
you behave
you get rewarded
a very fair
and simple exchange
oh you
do have to go to 599
to avoid gifting you're joking
please tell me you're trolling me and it's not 599
is it actually 599
I don't think I can charge that much
that's not fair
why
did gifting change
does gifting not go to the lowest tier
are we sure gifting doesn't do the lowest tier
what's gifting so when someone
is monetized you can gift
membership to other people
and
I specifically
I'm having
you know what
we could test it on me
we could test it on me tomorrow
I know how to
dance the line
okay
we'll test it on me tomorrow we'll see what happens
strongy speaks
English
strongy speaks and my heart becomes weak
100% sure it doesn't
seen tons of channels with 199
it goes from 499
let me cook
and I'll put the price that I want
and I think it's fair and we'll see what happens
and if it's just an absolute cluster
minuster then
we'll deal with the fallout on me at least
and then the girls are unaffected by
any fallout
the fear
of that thingy but I've never seen it happen
nah and it's like
you have to turn on being able to be gifted
yes I would
I would put it on because it's a big income source
and
I have terrible news I spent a lot of money
I just
yeah
feeler wasn't cheap let's put it that way
yes not even fallout in New Vegas
what about fallout in New Vegas
I've seen
399 and 799
that's rubbish that's not nice
if they use it they have to turn on being
oh they have to turn on being able to receive gifts as well
okay okay well that's
a team effort
just a wee bit of money
just a wee bit of pocket money
that's a lot
right
I will let
you be carried away
to mercy gently well she gives you
terrible advice
and we'll take it from
tomorrow
and see
if we
are able
to make everything run smoothly
and if not
thank you for the stream
bye amy
I modded like all of yumi
on my channel
oh yumi
much problem now
oh ho ho ho
teasing
but yes I will see you all tomorrow for monetization stream
I will update the picture thing tomorrow
I'll see if I can fix the skyrim achievements
I don't know why they weren't popping up
because I am on game pass but we'll deal with it
thank you all so so much
please enjoy
mercy moddies to the fullest of your ability
and we'll see what
crazy fun we get up to
tomorrow
if everyone doesn't know exactly what I'm up to
right I'll see you tomorrow
bye bye reeflings bye
bye bye see you tomorrow
and thank you for all the tips that was actually pretty intense to do
that was like a lot of tips I'm not gonna lie
I'll see you tomorrow bye bye
bye bye bye
