Yeah, A.C. finish up.
Good A.C.
She wasn't supposed to do that shit.
There you go.
Ah, I'm a fucking talk of the word.
I can hear myself.
Mike, can I hear myself?
Please.
Okay, okay, okay.
Right.
Ugh.
How did A.C. do in her 2.0?
She was adorable, right?
She was freaking amazing.
I turned down my music this time because during debut it was unbelievably loud and I didn't
catch it.
Like a dumbass.
But hey ho.
Right.
I'm going to do two streams.
This stream is dedicated to exposing VLR.
The YouTube agency.
The YouTube agency.
That VTuber agency, okay?
Now, I'm very unprofessional.
I'm very scatterbrained.
I'm very XYZ, you know.
So, I am going to try my best to stick to a one hour of just exposing the agency.
I will talk.
I will take questions at the end.
I can see chat.
I can read chat.
I can interact with you.
During debut, you're not really supposed to interact that much.
But I can 100% completely tune in on your forehead and all that.
So, don't worry.
Don't worry.
It will be three hours long.
Bruh.
No, she be.
I'm trying to read, isn't it?
Yeah.
That's why I'm like, right.
One hour for this and then one hour for my thing.
Right.
Okay.
Okay.
What's a Z?
Is that a rune in the, what?
What?
Don't be trolling with my accent already.
Right, right, right.
One, one, one, one, one.
Let's begin at the very start.
And by start, I mean whatever I could gather notes on very quickly.
Right.
Well, we start with the application.
Sorry.
I'm rubbing my eyeball.
Currently got a fricking rogue eyelash in it.
I'm jumping straight into it.
I'm not stalling.
Okay.
And this is at the wrong part.
Okay.
I'm talking about the applications first.
Hold on.
Let me just, okay.
Good.
Okay.
That's not the starting one.
Okay.
This is the starting one.
So, on the VLR website, you will notice there was a few things slightly different than
what the average VTuber agency asks for.
Okay.
Most VTuber agencies go, hey, we don't care what gender you are.
Thanks to entertainment laws, I could say whamen only.
Sorry, guys.
But you want to start a male VTuber agency?
Absolutely.
Nothing's holding you back.
I assure you.
However, me, I'm looking for fannies to join.
Okay.
You know what?
But we also had more requirements as well.
Okay.
Those requirements were you had to have experience being a naughty, naughty.
Doesn't matter what kind.
As long as you had some sort of variation, you're going to be comfortable with it.
So, just think about the application pool and how it gets lower and lower.
And most VTuber agencies, for whatever reason, lie to your face and go, you can apply even
if you don't have any experience.
Liars.
They are wasting your time.
Do not believe them and do not apply to agencies that say that you do not have to be a content
creator prior to applying for them.
You're wasting your time.
They are wasting your time and they do not deserve.
You don't deserve that.
Seriously, you don't deserve that.
It's such a freaking waste, okay?
And the Veiler website had a redonkulous amount of information on it or they knew the split
off the bat or they knew what was happening with merchandise sales off the bat.
They are at freaking, put my soul into making that website as clear as possible.
Okay?
So, no time wasters.
Give or take, we had 320 applications.
Lovely girls.
However, that meant for every one model.
I was a preselected talent if you didn't know.
Hi, I was inks, codename inks.
Yeah.
So, for every one model, we had 34 girls essentially battling it out to be the right fit.
And it was not easy.
Okay, it was not easy.
She put that whole straw noose in our website.
Wait, that's inks?
I shut up.
Right.
For the most popular picked character, design wise,
what was she be?
Don't be fooled by that color.
That's not pins.
That's a light blue for any.
Okay?
So, the majority said put me on anyone.
Put me where you fit.
You want to fit me.
Okay?
So, ropes was the most picked.
It ropes.
She be was the most picked.
And then I see was the second.
And then Azura was the third.
And then Mercy was the second.
And then the very last picked.
Oh dear, if they didn't like your silhouette.
I'm like, are you kidding me?
I'm sorry.
I love creepy little girl designs.
I'm just going to leave it at that.
I love little creepy things.
It's a fucking gorgeous design.
I don't care what anyone said.
No one wanted to be me.
Shonton behavior.
Shonton.
And then obviously I cannot show the fricking private information of those who applied.
So, I can just show you these fun pie charts about the application process.
So, people say the reason why Veeler asked if your PC was weak,
because we have the funds to purchase an entire new PC for you,
which we did for one talent.
So, enjoy that, the new PC hen.
But yeah, we had the funds to completely give you the equipment you needed.
They all got three deals that they can use for ASMR streams.
They'll let SMBs for streaming if they didn't have it.
So, we also gave a sign-on bonus as well,
because we had two months to kind of prepare for the debuts and all that.
And it's quite a lot to ask someone to, you know, kind of give your full focus,
if you will, to a new agency where there's not an income source.
So, all the girls also got a sign-on bonus of 420 US dollars,
but I don't think any agency has done before.
And literally, it's like the most basic common courtesy.
Like, seriously. Like, I guess.
Seriously, Veeler, it's planning to get any money, because it sounds like it is...
Oh, well, we'll talk about the profits a little bit.
I also, in the application form, you could tell us if you wanted to have a callback,
if we find you might be suitable for a later character if we were to expand.
Now, I'm going to say this publicly right now.
No one has been contacted for a callback.
The reason for that is because it's a bit of a cheek to have someone basically wait for a year
for a non-guaranteed slot in an agency.
And I didn't want anyone hanging about maybe pausing plans they have,
like, because some people might want to, you know, get a 2.0 model,
some people want to maybe start up as a new VTuber, like, type thing with a new persona.
Like, I just didn't want anyone to be at that stage.
So, I'll just say publicly now, no one has been contacted for a thingy.
But yes.
Okay, so that was kind of the application process.
The interview process.
I'm more than happy for the girls to talk about the interview process with me.
Basically, if you're interested in Veeler, I was the barrier, okay?
I was the one reviewing you and looking at your content, if you applied,
and I was like you and you, you know.
It's a bit awkward.
I'll say this part out loud.
It was a bit morally, hmm,
because I was judging VTubers that had way more streaming experience than me
to be like, oh, you're worthy to come in or not.
And it's like, hmm, it wasn't a nice feeling.
Kind of like being like, no, but you can't want me.
Right, okay, questions.
Most basic, why are you called Veeler?
Now, check out the V at the start, virtual,
as most agencies start with a V for virtual, okay?
And then the A.
Okay, now put V and A together, okay?
What do you get?
You get voice acting, hmm, voice acting, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm.
Okay, and the girls are doing amateur voice acting audios.
Oh my God, oh my God, you did it.
You did it.
You put it together too.
Also, wait, wait, wait, hold on, hold on.
Let's read it together.
Let's read it together.
V, okay, and then imagine if there was an imaginary dash.
Allure, allure, as if the girls were alluring.
Oh my, oh my God.
Put it together.
We've done it, lads.
We've cracked the fucking case.
Okay, that's why it's called failure.
There's no other thing to it, okay?
I thought it was pretty self-explanatory,
but it wasn't, okay?
It wasn't.
I was like, V, allure, okay?
V, allure.
But we've got so many different pronunciations.
I think if you have an American, you're like, V, allure.
And it's like, I never really thought about other accents saying it
because I was like, hmm, one accent, but here you go.
Anya, questions?
Why are you called Viller?
How hand on are you with the talents?
The talents can do whatever the fuck they want.
They do not come to me for permission.
They don't have to come to me.
Shawnee, I want to do this.
I want to do it.
The only thing they come to me with is they go,
I want a project.
I want this.
I want that.
I want this asset.
Then they come to me and I sugar mummy them.
And I'll be like, there you go, darlin'.
Allure's 10, pop your pop.
The girls do what they want.
They do not need permission for in real life hand-to-cam streams,
for example.
None of that shit.
You guys have to understand,
we're all adults here.
I am not going to treat anyone like they're a fucking child
and they need permission from me to work.
Okay?
Because as it stands, they're, you know,
doing work and streaming and all that,
you do not need permission to work.
Okay?
So we don't do none of that shit around here.
One of the funniest comments I had seen so far
was, uh, management's going to run away with the money, aren't we?
Oh, you've caught me.
You've caught me.
Was the 80-20 split showing my corporation greed?
Was the 100% merch sales to the talent showing my corporation greed?
Oh no!
Oh, my plans have been foiled.
You've seen right through my plans to steal from these girls.
Mate.
Mate.
Mate.
You have no concept of how much love has gone into this.
You have no concept.
But thank you for your comment.
The entire development team had a nice chuckle at you, mate.
That was some basic questions, okay?
Now, the accusations.
I'm sorry.
The accusations, I can't outrun them.
It's time.
I can't believe I'm saying this.
But it's true.
The background music's are based on Sonic Heroes' OST.
I'm sorry.
It was the autism, your honor.
I couldn't stop it.
Okay, I'm sorry, but Mercy's background music is based after
Billet Station from Sonic Heroes' OST.
MAP's is after Mystic Mansion.
I'm so sorry.
Azura's is after Frog Forest.
I'm sorry.
And Shavey's, it's after Strange Guys and AC and Casino Park.
And then me, Bingo Highway.
Because, you know, Bingo Highway has a little bit of ear to ear.
And then it also has it in my background music.
You can really hear it in Emmys and Mercy's, for example.
Okay, it's true.
It's true.
I brought to them that your honor.
Yes.
Well, you started VTuber Agency and then you made the background music
based after an old game called Sonic Heroes' OST.
Yeah, I did.
What are you going to do about it, huh?
Are you going to fart?
Are you going to fart and sniff it or something?
Right, these are spoilers.
Spoilers up ahead.
Spoilers.
Okay.
These are badges and emote spoilers.
Now, because of the way the agency is set,
so the girls couldn't pick their emotes at the stage,
so I got them emotes.
I just guessed what emotes they'd like.
So some big spoilers for emotes ahead.
If you don't want to know what the emotes are for when their membership open,
please look away.
I'm going to burp in a second.
Oh, beautiful.
And I also have badges, okay?
There's also going to be badges.
Spoilers.
Spoilers.
Spoilers.
Oh, wait.
No.
No.
No.
Azura.
Azura.
Not right now.
Azura.
No.
I say no.
No.
Right.
Here we go.
Okay.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Special shout-out to the concept artists of the Allure.
His name is Squishy Girl.
So these are just the concept artists for Azura's membership link.
Okay.
Hmm.
A bit of milk themed.
Okay.
A bit of milk themed.
Hmm.
Okay.
This is...
Oh!
Little acicle.
Acicle is a little baby polar bear with a dummy or a binky if you're American.
And then it goes into two years.
We can't super chat.
No.
Oh!
I will talk about that.
I'm at 2.0.
But right now I need to speed run through this because I'm going to start yapping.
Little emmers.
Emmers is pumpkin themed.
I absolutely adore her pumpkin little bunches.
And she's spooky pumpkin.
Okay.
These are already fully ordered and everything.
So don't worry.
The girls are...
I've planned this out.
I've had plenty of time.
I've planned this out.
I'll show you.
I have had five babies sitting in my womb for a year.
Okay.
They have just been birthed from my loins.
As you can tell.
Merces.
Hmm.
Very fit.
Very fit.
I like Hawaii name.
Uh-huh.
Um.
I will answer any questions at the end.
Right now I'm just trying to zoom through it.
Whoa!
Whoa!
Welcome.
I'll tell them also for Shibi.
You don't want a little gimp mask on?
Come on.
Admit it.
You want a gimp mask on?
I'm sure Shibi would like to see you with one on.
Discord logo.
Where?
Shut up.
Where?
Wait, what?
Discord logo.
Are you trolling me?
Are you trolling me?
I'm being trolled.
I just got trolled reading that.
Oh, and then this one.
Uh.
I got shells.
But if you look in the corner, it says, this shell you waiting for.
Join up nowhere else.
I'm not squinting around.
The shape remains as of this.
Oh, right.
Okay.
I just get confused.
I just get confused.
Oh, actually that's another thing.
I'm going to bully Emmy with my Scottish French at some point.
I absolutely love it.
I love it.
Okay.
Now, look away if you don't want spoilers for the emotes that I got for the girls.
Okay.
I just want to say I bought, I got these in advance.
I didn't meet the girls at this point.
I hadn't met them.
I got these in advance for the girls get to pick all the emotes that follow afterwards.
Okay.
So these are spoilers.
Is she biting your arm?
Is there a given up?
Or in her voice?
I can't do it.
Is there a given up?
Or in her voice?
I can't do it.
She be bonk.
I'm fine.
You can call me a long bonk.
Loading for Emmy.
Merci.
Kudos.
Let me kudos.
Azu kudos.
Let me hand.
Peppy hands.
And then drew.
And then eh.
I don't even know what to call that.
Just eh.
And then ah.
I'm just going to like make the sound that I think these emotes portray.
Okay.
Ah.
Go, go, go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
No, that's sounds like
the reflex.
對.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Her.
Guess I have enough.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Ah
We still got a few more go
I
Don't know how to make the sound of a blade swing
Oh
Last one
Did you like it? Oh, when I lose track and my hypnosis comes on
Do you like that? Yeah, I was good
Okay, a little spoiler in the most as I said the girls get to pick their emotes
After this next batch because obviously I had to order it in of the rounds because I didn't know them yet
Lore okay, so this is this is super behind-the-scenes stuff. So again squishy girl
Conceptualize the lore so this is what an example of a lore storyboard looks like I'm giving you the hints
So this is a zero for example
So as you can see at the script right away the earth was driven L baron in its infancy then from dust to darkness was the first family
So this is called concept art for the lore that was given to T Tema Chi Tema Chi
I would say T Matt T, but that's my accent
So that was this is these they're kind of it gives an idea of Tamachi of what she
Chant
Chant
Let's go squishy girls and chap, but you know, he's
So I'll give you a very quick example of what half wait hold on hold on hold on
Let me click let me click let me click let me click
So to give you a very quick example, I can only do it for my lore
But here are the first three concept panels so ghoul did the concept panels along with the script
So concept one two and three and then to match you saw it and then come oh shit
It's a bit big. Oh down a minute. Hold on. Hold on. It's very scuffed
So to match he comes back with the sketch and you know
It's so literally we go from
Well the top corner one to to the sketch so she comes back with a sketch absolutely beautiful garden
Beautiful beautiful and she then with the approval of the storyboard and sketch then the full images come through
And these come through all layered these are all there the reason why we could get the little images to move about was
To match he just works so diligently so hard. They were an absolute pleasure to work with I cannot recommend to match
She enough for like
You know, I gave her a lot of work. I could I could you know, I was insane work
But as you can see from the finished result of the lures to matchy
And beautiful that I look five star meal all the Michelin stars or however
Michelin stars work
But yes, so that's the behind-the-scenes of kind of the development of the lore so again squishy girl
Not only did he do the storyboard?
He also did the scripts in the background lures of the girls
I will come back to the development of the girls very shortly
And if you didn't know the merches are now out for the girls, but again in order to help artists it's so
To make things such a smooth process behind the scene and
Having a concept artist to give the actual artists
An idea of what you want helps so I hope I'm not spoiling the merch that's coming out, but this is a Zura
Little aces cons these are concepts of the merchandise that you see on who we mark it right now. I'll talk about it now and
Then a little mersey and she be and
Yeah, again, these are just concepts a beautiful behind-the-scenes stuff
It's really nice getting a thingy a little thingy so early development
Okay, now now you're gonna start cringing at a few of the things that come up shortly, but
Mmm, please please read please read
Thank you for reading
If we need to hire talent managers, we will open a position
I am so thankful for everyone applying, but for God's sake some of you are glowing for grooming the girls
I kid you not. I've had some emails that are like
Hi
I want to be a talent manager
No portfolio, no history, no evidence of anything, like no communication
I'm so thankful you want to work for the girls. I'm so thankful you want to groom them because you like them that much
My guy this agency we groom you. Full stop. That's the sense. Okay, so nice try
But if I need talent managers, I'll post on the website for the jobs that we need
Right, okay, this is where the cringe comes in. This is where the really the developmental cringe comes in, okay
So I'm gonna read it out to you. Don't worry if you can't read neither can I but I'll try my best to read it out
So when it comes to concepts, okay, as you'll notice these girls don't have names because
Because the girls started without names. That's how it was
So for the lore for girl one, it was it was the best we got to hang out together
We ordered food and watch anime all snuggled up
I couldn't have asked for anything more that night
It was a shame that the truth never came out that I could never tell my redacted that I love him before it was too late
It's not fair now. I'm some what I know I'm somewhere. Don't recognize and I'll never see him again
You'll still watch over me from where you are now, though
Hmm wonder wonder who that is. Um, but these are kind of description lores very quick
girl lore 2
When there's no one around to spoil what am I gonna do with myself?
I've got no purpose if I don't have a sweet heart to show my love, okay
That was I was a Zura that was a Zura that's where she started from see
Asura was given more of a kind of servant goddess role, but that definitely didn't really come into play
Mersey oh then pie. I know you're around here
You're playing a game with me aren't you thinking you can take me to an unfamiliar surrounding so I'd stop use flash, baby
I love you far too much to ever give up the chase. Isn't it fun when your heart is practically beating out of your chest?
Manic I do manic laughter, but Mersey absolutely fucking
She mugs me with her laugh. Oh wait, you're not Senpai, but you could be from the ones of you know, if you don't know mercy kind of
You know, you know how it goes
for
for
For okay for I have
You're gonna find out why four is so confusing four is icy
I quit whoever made this game who even made this game and read that wrong
Whoever even made this game in the first place
What's the point and putting achievements in a game if only 0.2% of the player base can even achieve it screw this
I'm going on a really
Website, okay. Now. What's the category tonight? Oh, let's do a random rule at our discord, okay?
As you can see aces come a very long way, okay, that's not aces lore at all. That's not our concept
We're not even there. Okay
Lore 5 I cannot for the life of me understand how guys work. How do their brains even function?
If only there was some sort of way
I could get them to be truthful with me
Um and
Yeah, so I always started with a hypno theme. Obviously I got to pick what the fuck I want to be because I was there from the start
I was always going to have hypno. I just didn't know what angle we were going for
and then
I got conceptualized to wanting to kill all humanity. So yeah, I didn't do that part by the way before you're like, oh my god
now
Sorry, I'm rubbing my face heat and then six. Um
Six, uh, it should be yeah, um, I've had it bunny boys are pathetic. They can never keep up with me
And I don't know why I bother wasting my time. I just need something different
Human males surely can keep up with this stamina of my needs type thing. Okay, so that's how the girls started
Okay, they all started deeply departed
So that's it. All right. Okay. This is a really fun. This is I hated naming everyone. I hate that
I hate that the the reason why you don't see me be zoo right now is because me be zoo was named correctly
Azura, you were a nightmare to name. Oh my god. I went through so many names
I literally came up with stacey milkerton
Azura, you were so hard to name for no reason
You can literally see how desperate I was getting through your name. I was like stacey milkerton. Miss milkerton milk the pillow show
Show me darling in french
Yeah, right. She's a goat god
Faunus in this milfu in this milf shoe milf is in milf for you
Fondue la fondue la bosom azura
Daily, which is the wrong spelling in french and then finally we got to azura delay. Oh
My god. Do you know do you see the techniques to fondue la bosom as well?
That's because I approved
That name for azura as fondue la bosom
What was I thinking?
Right
Okay, now this one's about this is a real behind the scenes lore
Mersey was originally stavita
Right
bread
What was I thinking and then if she was eastern european, we were going to change it to stavita
What was that smooton and then I
Approved the name karam beat so instead of karam bet as in sharp weapon
beat
So the fun fact is that it's not a fun fact. I'm such a dumb ass
Karam's name got past development
So mersey was called karam until about a month ago. It was awful
Don't let me cook ever again. I'm not naming anyone after this
right ac
ac is a lie. Do you want to know what ac's real name was?
Joy stick with an eye
ac was not developed as a polar bear. I'm going to show you her developmental are very shortly. Her name was joy stick
Yes, that's true
Now ac uh, umka is russian unbelievably
What are the odds because ac does speak russian but her concept did name was always ac we liked ac from the star
Okay, we liked ac from the star
So it was ac umka, which I think means bear or paw and russian. I can't remember. It's one or the other something like that
and and then ac show
um
For ac hot as in opposites, but she was always going to be a polar bear
uh, and then
We got bander
I feel like bander is that it's like a kind of mythological
angle
And then we got ac snow paws and I was like that's absolutely adorable. I love it
It's easy to remember like I know some people are dogging on the names like I'm sorry
But we're an english-speaking agency. I don't see the point of having like yuku solavia and a surname
Like in japanese, I just I'm like i'm not gonna remember it joystick child
Um
Me I was pretty quick. I knew I was going to be strongy off the bat
I knew I was going to name myself after my dad's gamer tag strontium
It's not his actual gamer tag before anyone worries that like his literal thing. Don't worry
I was always going to be strongy, but it was like I don't know where 365
I actually don't remember 365 at all. Don't remember a spiral swirl notice the check mark against swirl
That's because I approved it and then you know, I was a cut official
I was like, you know what strongy calls locket and boys
And then she be because of her shabari rope. She was always going to be she be like she be
um
And then we really liked cotton, but obviously there's a
You know cotton tails of a va. So we didn't want to step on anyone's tail. You know I'm shining
and
So we got cotton bud and then we got cotton maw, but that didn't work and then we got cotton bum
And then we're like that makes perfect sense because she has a tail if you didn't know three members avail or have a tail
She's a distant relative. Yeah, honestly, it's fine. We were not wanting to step on anyone name wise
But yeah, as I said, emmy is not here because emmy's name got nailed off the bat
I don't care what anyone says. I have never named someone more perfect than emmy, but I promise you I'm not naming anyone else after this because
I
People are kind of like, oh why why the french route?
um
I don't know. I think it's pretty easy to remember everyone's name like that clap along with me chat
emmy
ac
she be
strongy
merci
Azara
Like these names are not hard to freaking remember in my opinion. Okay
Yeah, um
Okay, this is just about a feedback if anyone reaches out to the emails
The dev team get back to me a lot. Um, if you are applying to be an editor, some people do still submit it
We're always kind of looking for clippers editors so you can submit yourself
If you apply and be like, hey, I want to be an editor right?
And you don't attach a portfolio or any evidence history of editing or a youtube where you've done like a playlist of edits
Bro, we're not gonna reply. You're wasting your time
You need apply. Yeah, do not apply with
Fondle is crazy. Right, right. I know it was a bad name. Okay. Let me let me care. Um
We've had some music creators reach out. That's fantastic that do original songs. So for the vealor members that want to pursue
Um singing, uh, there might be original songs coming out. There's a few song covers. I'm gonna try and I think she
Has an interest. I'm gonna try and poke a zura to do some song covers or maybe some lullabies because her voice is just
for it and
Uh, hot to the cleavage right enough to uh, I tried my best but a zura was hard to name but come on a zura duly
literally, uh
goddess of milk if you will
um
This is the most embarrassing part
The first name a concept for the agency was V sucky and now we are all succubus
And the motto would you survive if you met one of us?
Like so the concept was like succubus blood was like seeping into these girls somehow
because I don't like when
Vtuber stories like all connect like me and Icy would never meet because I'm in the water and she's on land type thing
Like I don't like when agencies like force the lore to come together
So a concept of that and I was like
No, we're not so before anyone makes fun of vealor vealor terrible name
We could have been v sucky. Okay as in short for virtual succubus
So, uh, I will not be taking any statements and things. Okay
You're all done. Okay
This is just a fun behind-the-scenes special shout out to yumi yumi works
They are magnificent and made all over loading screens
As you can see these are just the concepts, but they're still stunning and it's nice to see behind-the-scenes stuff, but um
Mercy's was influenced by the joker
Being surrounded by knives in the batman scene unironically acy if you didn't catch acy's
um
loading screen is a bit mella melancholy melancholy
um
where
the
A
The borealis that comes up lights up her thingy
But hers is a bit more sad because she's just left her polar bear family
melancholic
Isn't colic when babies are crying
Aurora borealis I always want to say ariola borealis and I'm pretty sure that means a nip, but I'm trying. I'm trying, bro
Uh, she be nailed off the bat
Um, I wanted everyone's mascot to be a part of the loading screen because I just find that stuff adorable
And yes, viola did premake all the mascots. Uh, emmy uh elected to change hers. Absolutely fine. No problems
Like we're not a dictating agency. The girls can come to me and be like, I didn't like that. I want something else. Yeah, that's fine. Um
Uh, Azura, you'll notice did get a new scene that she used on debut
um
But yeah, this is just behind the scenes kind of this is the oh my god, it's dempa fish
Surprise, you know how on debut I was like, I have ASMR clubs planned with other vtubers. Yeah, so a dempa fish is one of them
um
But yes, this is just kind of behind the scenes aren't just to see how it comes together. No, right. Okay. Okay, this next bit
So everyone likes the designs. Yeah, all the designs are 10 out of 10, aren't they? Oh, we just love the design
We did not
We did not look like how we look no
Okay
We do not look like how we look no
Yeah
Yikes
Now Emi and Azura
Emi and Azura. Yeah, uh, I just yeah, so as you can see I see it's an even in the lineup
Yet five is me
Uh, I always had bunch double bunches in my hair
So I have two bunches in my hair like the seashells are just accessories, but there's actually two bubbles. But yeah
Sheebie was also
the heck
with uh triple C's
Uh, Azura and thingy, but then you know things changed. So then the next lineup we're like, right change it
Next lineup aces with us. Let's go
um
Uh
Mercy's hair has changed so she no longer has drills
Uh, I've changed a bit. I've got like these weird spirals in my hair, but I quite like that. It's quite unique
Sheebie is still purple
We're changing you but we do have ac developed. Okay. We have ac developed now. Okay change again
All right, body type change on sheebie
Strone complete change on strone
Mercy again still the wrong hair color
And then next okay, let's try again and as you can see hates were established and names were established
My height got changed. Sheebie's got changed. Azura became taller because
We made her a giant test. If you didn't know Azura can
Be as tall as a skyscraper. Now, there's not an indefinite height, but yeah
um
Mercy's coming out with a
Short very shortly about her being blonde. You'll like it. Um, and then here we go big changes on me and sheebie at the same time
so
Sheebie got her hair spirals
Um her ears
Concepted and then I started to come to life. Um, as you can see I have little shoesies on
The shoesies got taken away
Why am I in a different style?
Well, I had to go a different concept artist because we were struggling at the time. Um, and then eventually
ac was getting developed
So this that was her first development footage of her model that kind of transition you see there
As you see Mercy's hair is still wrong
They took your kicks. I know they yanked my shoes. Give me them back
Actually, oh my god, I should be like, uh, right there we go. So
We're going to take it from the top
The first girl developed. Uh, what am I doing for time? Oh, I'm actually not doing bad for time. Let's go school
Um
I was good. I was good. Uh, right. We're going to take it from this top
Emmy was the first conceptualized veiler
girl, okay
But she ain't look like that the star boom. Oh wait wrong one wrong one. Hold on. Hold on out. Wait. Wait. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on
Hold on. Don't don't like don't like no. No, no, right. There we go. Boom
This is the first
official concept of emmy
Yeah, that's what emmy emmy looks like at the start
Mm-hmm. You can kind of see it that she's got the sneakers
She's got the uh, the hoodie uh, the hair is orange
but uh, it's giving it's giving best
Frendo next door. It's not giving emmy isn't
Frankie. Oh, honestly. Yeah
I said squish her down make her a wee one
So then we got her squished down
Uh, we're starting to get uh, definitely getting her silhouette going on but no pins. We do have her uh, how you call them?
Uh
Pumpkins in her hair have been established at this point. Yeah, she got hydraulic pressed
Uh, and then we're like and back to the drawing board. Go next
It was like hold on a minute. Hold on a minute. We're cooking. We are cooking by gas, okay
So we were getting very close as you can see by this design very very close in the concept art
So then we gave her the old
Overwatch skin if you don't know overwatch sell skins by recoloring them. She got recolored
Uh, there we go. That was it. That was it. Boom recolored and just like that. There's emmy. That's emmy
There's emmy
There she is
So gave her the old overwatch skin color change and boom
Ta-da
Uh, and then there is some behind scenes uh banner. This commission wasn't able to be finished. Um
But I thought to show it off anyway. This is by papa perito
Incredibly good artist sadly ran out of time
due to life constraints. However
I know you won't be able to tell but this was originally going to be your banner and it's actually a skyroom reference
Sweet mother sweet mother send your child unto me for the sins of the unworthy must be baptized in blood and fear
It is the sacrament done to summon the night mother satans
Uh, that was her reference for the banner. Okay up next
Azura or should I say stacey milkerton?
Uh, here we go. Boom. Okay. So that was her name hearty hearty heart. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I'm bad at naming
So this was her banner concept that ended up becoming her loading screen
This is our banner concept. It didn't get finished, but this is now her new loading
Fondle of bosom
So
Development on azura was so simple
It was easy peasy lemon sco easy
We had thick goddess straight from the bat. We knew we wanted her thick. We had horns
Uh concept art said fantastic because this is what we got next
Boom, she's already there. You know what's different, but look at this azura azura was nailed off the bat the most simplest
easiest
Design honestly, so as you can see she's pretty much there. So as we progress right something's not right with the legs, right?
Okay, boom. We've now got stirrup thigh highs. You are welcome
chocolate stirrup thigh high
Words and stuff
Okay, right. Right. Right. What's what's missing? Hold on. What's missing?
Something's not quite finished with her
Markings. Yes, that makes sense. She's a goddess add them markings. So nose arm thigh add them markings. Okay. Okay. We're cooking
We're cooking
We're cooking
And then oh, what was that? Did you see that? Did you see that change on the thigh? Boom
Little little thigh things going on beautiful beautiful gorgeous
And then next next next what's next?
Uh, I think that's actually an older one there and I was just thinking that and then boom
She got her toe rings added. Let's go toe rings
And now we have azura there we go
I was going to be a milk god
Nate it should very should very simplistic very easy very quick
Uh, right
Please hold on to your hats
Because I present to you
AC
No, not that
That's that's ac
Uh
Yeah, that was ac
um
Enjoy
Okay
AC was conceptualized to be an insomniatic gamer. Okay
We kept the insomniatic vibes because if you didn't know polar bears do not hibernate
Unless they're pregnant. So
If see y'all better you better jump off my daughter right now. Okay
She she doesn't need to hibernate
However, please I would like to draw your attention to the paws. See those neon blue paws. They were supposed to follow her around
Polar bear paws
Oh, okay. So we took it from there. We took it from there. Yeah, that's actually that's where we started
And then we got the polar bear paws added in these antenna things and it just
Was me looking me was me was me congealing and then look at that
Look at the pillow the belly button. Please analyze the belly button for me because there's a lot of polar bear
piercing on her stomach
Uh, yeah, originally she was to have a wee person and uh
Both the concept artist and I were like look it's not working out. We're gonna need to be we're gonna need
We're gonna need you to cook so whoa
We're changing it up. So acie
Had little little braids little tribal braids and she's freaking adorable
And the top of her shirt's all ripped up. But she has like big baggy sleeves
Getting very cute. It does look a bit sleep whereas, but she had a little piercing as well here a little tummy pierce
Um, we're getting a bit closer to acie. We know today
Hmm
And then okay, we got another design. We've taken away the long sleeve. So
We're not quite there yet. We're not quite there yet. Hold on. Hold on. Okay, okay
We're getting a bit more primal now. Look at the gloves gloves glove check glove check. Okay. Gloves are on check
Well, they wear gloves at the start but then they became paws
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So we had a little comparison and then whoa, hold on hold on
We have paws established. We have an ace
tight design established
very bare-esk
And then
Yeah, we we got we got there. So she has her insomniatic eyes on she has a toggle for insomniatic eyes
But she's insomniatic but take a little look at her feet. They're so different
She had open toe boots
She had her little toes out
But you can see she definitely has claws at this part of development
But she has scars all over her ripped clothing that kind of thing
Um, and if you really want to zoom in she actually has a tiny tiny cleavage line because she has a little something there
Uh, emi is true petam
But acie uh has just uh just a little hint of something, you know
Uh, oh, uh, this shouldn't be in the middle of it
But this was her banner concept because she's a little insomniac
Okay, she's a little insomniac. She's so tired
She's up at 3am. So this was her banner, but it didn't get finished
Due to time constraints, absolutely no fault of papaparito at all. He was fantastic. That's a very adorable banner
Um, yeah, as I said the name concepts and then this was her first model
Uh, draft not model. Sorry like the the the the draft of the model
And we were like, oh, was it no that what that was the first draft and we're like
Get those thighs thicker and squish her please and then we squished her down got nice and squished
Um, and then there's acie
Uh, uh, yeah, there she is
That's acie cool. Uh, she was definitely a bit more difficult in development just because we
I gave the wrong prompts to the concept artist. So that's on me. So she took a wee bit longer to get there
Uh for mercy
Uh, please remember her code name was karam. I may accidentally refer to her as karam
I've called her karam for an entire year. Please understand. Please forgive. Okay
Uh, this was a banner that was supposed to be
for mercy
Um, it was going to be darkened out and shadowed a lot more but obviously there was a bit insidiousness
and in background and
Uh going on but yes, so originally
I originally mercy had twin tails
or drills
Kind of looking thing going on
Um, but she always had her bow her stomach wasn't showing actually just her mid drift. I believe it's a terminology for that
Um, I stole her wig honestly
Um, but yeah, uh, we definitely were really close to mercy right from the start, but she was blonde
Well, would it well a blonde? I know
Um, and then we showed her stomach and it was like, okay. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm
And then we got blonde and alterations in comparison
But now obviously you've seen that purple
So she's purple. You know what I'm saying out here is purple
Uh, but now that I see blonde mercy
It does not like it looks wrong to me because it's like that's not how it should be looking
Um, and then we got purple eyes
Here we're the purple beam right now
And then boom we got her mercy starts. I've not called her karambi accident in so long
Uh
But yeah, there you go. Uh, she was relatively there. She was there from the start. Honestly, uh, not too much of a
Issue, you know, you can see the comparison. Um
She be
She be I'm sorry to expose you like this
This is the first sign of she be
I'm sorry. Okay. We thought of a rabbit with her ears up. Okay. We're sorry. I'm sorry. Okay
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Okay, so
You were supposed to have mercy. No, not fondle of booze. I'm the she be cotton boom
Okay, we didn't go with the design before anyone said we didn't go with the design relax
Who said FNAF Bonnie?
That's awful
Don't speak for the rest of the stream. We didn't go for the design. So
Um, Azura was already established to be purple at this point. So
We were changing the body tape and then the body tape got changed
So she became like the stereotypical milk body type of the boobanda hips
Um, and then but we're still purple and we were having
I'll be honest. This was getting really frustration frustration. Lovely. This is getting really
Frustrating at this point in development. She be we had been cooking for a bit and we were really struggling like but then
We had I don't think these are in order
No, they're not. Oh well. Hey, ho
So
We were having color palette issues. I like the outfit. I liked everything about it
But the hair the color palette was just not working
So I went to a concept artist to very quickly give me a different pose and we went with two hairstyles. Let's say give me this hairstyle
Uh, she looks like a fucking giraffe. So, no, we didn't go with a body ponytail
She looks like some sort of horse a chivalre
Like unparred like I didn't want a horse vtuber if you want a horse vtuber
We ain't the agency for you because I'm not interested in horse girls
Okay, but we got the drills and if you didn't know shebe's drills actually get more red at the bottom
It's a very small detail very small detail
Come ride this pony. Honestly. Oh, that's why you've got a riding crop. You're a secret horse vtuber all along shebe
I can't believe I've got you in 4k
but yeah, um
as you can see the
Little bit gear. Um, it was always a part like the anklet the
Hand cuffs were always going to be a part of her design
And then we got our first model back and we were like, uh, excuse me. Where's the thickness?
Like give us something like this and then you know came along and then hey, oh, it's so easy
It's not the main focus
Not the main focus
Okay, this was her banner concept
Uh, again banner concept my legs are long
These are your banner concepts, but uh, unfortunately didn't make it to finalize production, but this was to be the banner
It's probably a bit too much now that i'm looking at it a bit a bit too a bit too
Spacey a bit too spacey for you
I see it
right
my tone
womp womp
Womp womp there's straw name
There we are. That's me at the start of development. Do you like it? What do you think?
Is it good? Is it peak quick?
I'm going to very quickly go get a cool look as my voice is dying. Give me one second
I know streamers are supposed to be open. Oh, I don't know if you heard me
I don't need to point in mutant because i'm literally going in the kitchen now i'm back in the room and the truck is working again
I stubbed my toe when I left the room that actually really hurt
okay
So yeah, uh
My development was different because I was allowed to dictate my design. Okay, so we started with hypnosis
And then I was a little splatoon squiddle fish ms paint looking ass. You don't watch that. You're done. You're done
Okay, so I was a squiddle
And then so this design don't write this design off. I want to develop this further. I love the color scheme
I love the bikini type thing going on
um the only thing that kill oh wait, I need to open my cola
the only thing like
I think this might be an all outfit all hairstyle because I love those like cat ear looking things on me
And I had my little shell on my hair at this point Zelda looking ass
No, don't insult it. I think it's really good. I really like this design
I like the color scheme with the browns and the
Kind of black thing going on. It's good. It's good. You know, let me cook. Let me cook
so
I originally wasn't gonna have any booba basically because um
But then that got changed because I technically have five children with emmy and isi and azura
And mersey and sheevee. So I originally didn't have any chest size
But then we retconned that because technically uh, yeah, uh very big on the dumpy
So I had clocks for hypnosis to hang off. I always had hypnosis from the star and then
Changed the color a bit, but then I look like an xbox
And then
it's
But that wasn't this shouldn't be here. We're still a bit too early because uh
There's one more design that we didn't finish off. This is Celtic me
um, I definitely am getting an alternative outfit of Celtic me because
I know it might be hard to tell with the accent and all but I'm just a wee bit scottish
But I try and annunciate and make sure you guys can understand me. So yeah, I don't talk the way like
I'm an accent, but I'm definitely getting this developed further the hair. Uh, I like big hair
So I'm probably not gonna keep that hairstyle going on, but I had like a little ears going on little squiddled ears
Um, but that got developed a bit more this honestly looks kind of a bit
Renny's Renny thorns, but if you look at that, this is like very Celtic origin and like little symbolism and that that
Definitely gonna develop this because uh, it's good, but it wasn't what I wanted the
The default to be the default that's the word. Um
Yeah, I got a thingy my hair probably changed that. Oh, I got that foreign to the Celtic design. Oh my god. I completely forgot
Well, there's my Celtic. There's my next outfit boys. Uh
But yeah, very very squiddled very Celtic here. Um
Yeah, uh
Yes, um
I was presented with my squiddled eyes here and I actually have a bikini toggle
Obviously, I'm not gonna do it right now because now's not the time for it
But I have a pair less and I have tape over me, but you see like I technically have tape over my
Bits, you know bits if I go back a few
Um, yeah, I did I really like this Celtic warrior one because I can just I'll just talk about the battle of bannock burn all the time
Why not? But yeah, you can definitely see me starting to come to life here
Uh, like the shell of my hair. I did have two bunches, but they weren't as big like I have really big bunches
um
Got like and then my eyes so my default eyes were going to be swirls, but then I got my squiddled eyes
Because I'm a cuttlefish. I'm a cephalopod
Yeah, and then I finally came to there's me
Ta-da
It's a me
Uh, and then of course finished models, okay, I'll tell you some hidden things
I'm going to tell you some hidden things now. This is this is what agencies kind of have to deal with behind the scenes
Azura was conceptualized black. Okay a chocolate to be tuber if you will, okay
However, I came to the horrible realization. I can't put a white girl on Azura
Oh my fucking god. So Azura in development was made racially ambiguous. Now, I apologize for such terminology
But that's just how it is. That's how the facts are
So she was made racially ambiguous if you look back in some of the promotional models and artwork
She'll notice how pale she was. That's because we had to make her ambiguous. Okay, then Azura came aboard and I was like
Choclifier right now
Like get on it
So, yes, her finalized looks the zoom in a little bit on the finalized model
Just to highlight a few things that are going on with her beautiful design. So if you didn't know very quickly
Azura's your mummy quite literally lower wise. She's your mama. She is the goddess of fertility on planet earth
You heard that right, but she didn't want to go to the heavens with her family
She wanted to stay among the humans
So she has retained some of her powers as a god
Okay
So she has the power of flight, believe it or not. So she's gonna fly on my deck
Um, I shouldn't have said that. I'm sorry. Uh
She also has healing properties
with her
milk
Um, yeah, uh, she can also be a giantess as tall as a skyscraper
These markings are made from when she founded civilization. She has painted nails painted toes
She has toe rings on her index toes
a little veil over her thigh highs
Vail in the head or just hips for days like definitely kind of the the birthing hips because she birthed humanity
like that's the kind of thing going on so
Yeah
Definitely her design was absolutely gorgeous. Um, we had quite a lot of issues
I ordered the girls quite a few fan arts once we had the designs finalized
There was a lot of issues with artists not understanding the white
Is her goat ears and they were drawing her like the star wars characters. You know those characters that have the
Like the thing on the front of them
We got a lot of artwork of that and I had to send back and be like, no, she's a goat
to go
Uh go a not door like that. Thanks
Um, ace of cool. She's got scars, which is a very unique element to her. She also has a mouth
Fang not a tooth fang a mouth fang. Okay, mouth fang
She has scars
Um, she has ripped clothing
Um, she also has
Steel toad capped boots. So, you know, she's safe for work
100% safe for work character. She got them steel toad boots on. Okay
um
What other attributes she has a tail? Oh, yeah, uh, zura has a tail and I say has a tail. Um
May oh look at me
Uh, so, uh, if you didn't know I am wearing a yukata as a nod to japanese culture because
Without japanese culture truly as v-tubers, we would not be here right now. Let's not pretend otherwise. Oh
I forgot my cover up over my crotch. I am so sorry
I forgot about that part of my design
Uh, I literally have
I flushed your twigs. I'm so sorry. I was supposed to have the bandaid on
Okay, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. But anyway, I'm in a yukata. Uh, it's pearlescent
So it shimmers as I move my uh shells in my head also are pearlescent and I'm so sorry
I'm gonna just take a little drink of my cola
Oops, uh, but yes, I'm in a yukata as a nod to japanese culture. Um
For my next alternative, I almost likely do a scottish Celtic type origin
Uh, we can see it. Um
Uh, squid eyes. Yep. I am a cuttlefish. I have cuttlefish eyeballs
When we released the eye previews people were surprised but for me if v-tubers just have a regular pupil
I sleep. I'm sorry
But it's like one of the most simplistic things you can design if you give someone a basic pupil as a vtuber
Eh boring out
I'm sorry. That's just my opinion
It was one of the first notes that I gave to the concept artists do not give me a regular pupil
I will perish again same with like fingernail designs, etc. I have french tip
Manicure pedicure the girls all have painted nails. Merci also has band aids on her fingers, for example
um
These small things like add up definitely. Um
Yeah, like I this is just my opinion, but I think the
There's nothing to if a design gets too complex on a vtuber
This is just my opinion as well. My opinion just don't do not fucking represent the company as a whole
It's just me being
But um
Like if the designs get too complicated, like I don't know
I can't remember what the fucking things call but like, you know, there's japanese
Idol skirts where there's like three different meshes and layers and designs and patterns going on
I'm like, if you start getting too thingy, you're getting nay fan art
No one's going to recognize you because you're xyz like i'm sorry, but you cannae tell me that our designs look
Anything remotely similar to clutter. That's the word cluttered if the designs are too cluttered
Uh, please think of the fan art literally like I'd say mercy is the most
She doesn't have a cover up. We'll enjoy mercy from here
Uh, mercy is probably the most complex design we have if you want to think of it as layers in terms of fishnet and bandages and
All that jazz, yeah
Got strike the balance between not being too over complicated that okay, finally one model that control the full design of
uh
So if you didn't know she be her hair drills get redder the more bottom you go
That's not even a full english sentence. Um, if you didn't
No, her thighs got chunked up in development
Uh, we went for the classic leg look look some things are classic and you there's no point
Don't if it ain't broke don't fix it high heels
and
stockings
If it ain't broke
Don't fix it. You don't need to do anything special anything unique
Any of that stuff. It's not broke. It's the perfect design. I don't don't even talk to me. Okay
um, so obviously
My voice is going
Hold on. Let me take another drink. Um
Um
I do apologize and say that uh azura and she be you're actually gonna get an update soon to cover up their tattoos. Um
Because I think youtube are not very happy
I tried to run ads on them and youtube said no, no, no, no, and I was like
But I have my boobs out as well youtube. So this is just discrimination against big titty girls
um
I don't know what else is she be designed was just perfect. Honestly
A lot of people are like, hey, wait a second. Why is she wearing the bbsm gear if she's supposed to be the dominant one?
called like I don't know
Is my response to that like
Like
going just
Going just like
Enjoy the design. Are you joking me? You look at this design and that and you complain about it
I'm not a guy. Okay. I didn't have a willy, but if I had a willy, I know for a fact
This is a 10 out of 10 design. Okay. It's aesthetics
aesthetic
Like that's it
Like like you're done. Didn't he didn't he chat shit about me about these designs?
Amy, I'm sorry. I had to get you asleep when I was doing this one
Because I lost your full picture
somehow
Amy is adorable
love her design
She has a rat skull on her necklace and these little gemstones too. She has nails on her thingy
she's only of a only one in v allure that has a
Tatoo
Is it a tattoo or is it a marking because she did something funny with a book?
Who knows I didn't really develop that part of the lore. So
You guys can pick it's up to you
A womb tat it lights up. No, it doesn't let it's not with tattoo. Don't you loot my daughter
She also has adorable band-aid and freckles on her knee nose and on her weenie. She got a knee bump. No
No, let me make it better. Oh, wait. Oh wait, you're layered above me. Hold on. Wait. Wait. Wait. I need to make it better
I'll need to kiss her knee better
Hold on. Let me cook
Oh, no
Oh, my hair's too big right. I need a bald toggle right now
Yeah, it's all better
She also has a knife and blood on her sock if you didn't know that was knife and blood on her sock. Yes, um
look
In terms of like sacrifice and people and stuff it means like a little quirky like that
Okay, like whatever she needs to do to get back and you know get her brother back
And for the papegas out there you viewing are her brother watching her from afar. Okay
For the papegas. Don't worry. I'm papega too. So right. Where are we?
Is that everything? No
Let's go
All the girls descriptions for their newest 2.0's will have merch updates if you didn't know
All of the
prophets
Go to the girls veiler. Do not take a cut of the merchandise. We don't put our little fingies in the merchandise
So rest assured if you buy something off uwu market for my buy
All that money goes to support in them a lot of the girls are interested in moving out so they can up their streaming time
They are trying very hard. I'm trying to support them in any way I possibly can
and
Hopefully from what you've seen not even to cover the cost. So
uwu market
Will take their cut or whatever their you know earning is and then whatever is left over is profit-wise
Goes straight to the talent. It does not go into vealers like accounts or anything like that
So please seriously rest assured like this isn't some sort of money grab agency when you support your talent
You support your talent like the talent. Okay. You don't have to think to yourself
Oh, if I give a hundred dollars, are they gonna get seven dollars of it? No
That's not how it works here. It's not called
Guys don't even take two percent. No the hundred percent march to the girls
like come on
What wouldn't you be like in your head?
Wouldn't you be upset if you learned like oh, I supported
The my oh shi desu with a hundred dollars and they only made like five bucks because of how much the yoink like
You know what I'm saying? So
I'm just coming out and saying it 80 20 cut and guess what if the girls stay on another year
It goes to a 15 cut for veal or because the girls do all the work. Actually, that's a really good point
I might talk about that
Um, oh, this is like oh, oh, I need to do my merch. Hold on. I uh, it's a strong image tentacles tentacle power
tentacle power
Um, I am actually gonna get a keychain because I'm so excited. I'm getting all the girls keychains
No, I'm gonna say something
And I might filter a few people
I'm okay with hand cam streams
I'm gonna make an ASMR video of me like tapping on all the keychains of the girls
I'm gonna like melise them with my hands
Um, so, you know if you are into the vtuber immersion where you don't see any body parts
I'm very sorry. I'm not the vtuber for you, but there's definitely veal the lure girl out there for you. Just not me
Yeah, I'll be I'm gonna touch all the girls. Okay
Yeah, just my keychain. I really like that. This came out so good. I really like it
Um, okay, I think we can do the Q&A
section now
Uh, I am going to link my marshmallow if anyone would like to ask a question in private because I do understand some people
are a bit adverse
Are a bit embarrassed
Uh, so ask any agency related questions here
agent sign
that's
Did that even send? Oh
Oh and my toggles are all coming on because I forgot to unbind them from my keyboard. You know what?
You know what? If it wasn't a scoff, you wouldn't be enjoying yourself. I will take
me out of this. Oh my god. I can hear myself twice.
Right, let me pin that message
Right, let's see
What are the plans for membership streams versus patreon? Let me take my toggle off first
Um, so if you want to support the girl on patreon, you will get access to four audios. I would like to comment on that
Um, obviously I had to do a lot of preparing in advance
It's five dollars to support your girl on patreon for four audios
What we are doing is called undercutting the market
If you didn't know undercutting the market means you put your product quotation marks out
At a rate that is incredibly cheap in comparison to other va's
Not only do you get streams from the girls
Not only do you get alternative content on their all twitter's for free
But we have undercut the market on patreon as well
So if you would like to test the content that they produce
on patreon
I highly recommend
Supporting them
Over me because I post free stuff all the time. You don't all worry about me. Okay, so support that girl's first
It's called undercutting the market isn't a very nice thing to do, but it's uh
It is what it is now. I did have a few concerns about the type of audios. Please understand and direct any
Disappointments towards me
Because um, I did not the girls have shown interest some of them to create the scripts and role plays
But please understand. I had to make sure I'm not putting them in a position where they are
overstressed or overworked
when it comes to balancing streaming and
The role plays now I have made them as straightforward and the girls are welcome to talk about their experience on stream
Behind the scenes, you know as long as not an nda hens
I'm sure they know the difference between like leaking nda content and just being like oh, this is how it works. Okay
Well, let's say five dollars forever. Yes. Um, I uh believe um
I have no plans to raise the price. I think five dollars. Um
is
An acceptable price. I'm I'm very aware of the economy the state that the bloody hangs in
Um
And in order to support your oh shi desks that might be in veiler the maximum price you will pay per month
I believe is nine dollars and ninety nine cent us dollars
For the maximum price of uh, again all content that your oh shi desks produces. Okay
So
I wanted it to be as affordable as possible and again that 80 20 split goes across the board your
Majority is supporting your talent. It's not getting hogged up to the agency. Okay?
Um
What will the main content on the youtube channels be streaming? We are v-tubers. We're just regular v-tubers that offer the goods on the side
But um, please do not think we are trying to speed run banning our youtube channels
Um, there was a few misconceptions out there that we may
Do outrageous things. Please understand. Uh, I'm trying to help these girls become
content creators of their dreams help them achieve things that they've always wanted to do
Hell even get them a play button
So as much as jorkin der pintis
On youtube would be hilarious content for three seconds. I really don't want them to get banned. So
They're just gonna be my lovely v-tribbon gals. Um
Yes
We need you on stage at a v-tribbon convention. This is insane market and i'm praying insane market
What revealing that azur's codename with stacey milker in is insane market
No, absolutely no
Absolutely no
Awesome. Oh, yeah, be sucky by the way instead of veal or be sucky. Oh, you've oh, I've got you right there
Nah, I'm talking the behind. Okay. The behind the scenes stuff is all fun to kind of be like
So obviously you've just met the girls. I have known them for a year if that makes sense
Like these concepts and everything's been going on for a year. I want some v sucky
Hey, the behind the scenes content was cringe cringe, but peak. Thank you fondle a bosom
Um
Can't wait to see be sucky at off guy. Oh, we got all right. No, it's not okay before before I say the story
We got uninvited to a convention
So the girl we got invited to a convention. Uh, we were getting a free pass
And then the girls not safe for work twitters went live and then nine hours later
We got an email saying oops our convention is full. Uh, we're not interested anymore
But nine hours prior they were like, yeah, we're still interested. Uh, we can set up a booth
We can give you free pass to staff members
And we got uninvited when the girls not safe for work twitters went live
Oh
So, yeah, we're kind of spend on that but whatever convention
I do have good news that we are going to a convention
In 2025, um, it will be remote. I don't think uh, I can physically show up
I don't think any of us can for safety or whatever. Although I don't want to
That's the stream for me. I'll I'll talk about the idea in the stream. Sorry. My voice is getting fried right now. Can you hear it?
Oh
Um, no, so the the bizarre thing was on our website
We said from the start we're a bit naughty naughty
And then the email does on the website like we'd love all your talents to come to our agency to our agency to our convention
I was like, hey, yeah
And then we really and then we do the thing that we said we were going to do on the website and they were like, oh, sorry
We're fully booked me. I'm like
Okay
Yeah, yeah, that's some fun behind the scenes. I oh don't know the watch alongs
Oh my god, if you are a vtuber that has a management that deals with sponsorships
You got cucked out of so much money
So
Oh my god, thank you to everyone who accepted the watch alongs. I'm gonna burp
I am so
We offer 12,000 us dollars for a three hour react and a watch along
Got told nah
They were like nah, we don't want to we don't want to put your audio and video on screen
Denied 7,000 us dollar offer no response 6,000 us dollar offer no response
3,000 multiple 3,000 us dollars to sit and react for three hours to cute girls debut and
No response. So for those of you who did do the watch alongs
Thank you from the bottom of my heart because one you weren't greedy shits
And two you actually gave us the time of day. I'm very thankful
so, yeah
Yeah, vnu thumbs up yumi plus thumbs up a lot of vtuber agencies didn't even respond to emails thumbs down
Like not even a courtesy email
There's a lot of theories about why we didn't get a response
But uh, I completely get it. I'm just freaking meman by the way before you're like, oh my god
I hate vtuber agencies. No, it's not how it works
um, but um off kai clashed with a lot of things I think I offered like 10,000
Oh, that was it. I think I offered a 8,000 to someone and never got response
But uh, I'm telling you right now if you have a manager that is a barrier between someone saying to you
Hey, I want to sponsor you. Yeah, you got wrecked because there was I think
We sent 40 managements
emails out with the offer inside
and
like no response
Crickets and the fact that the 12k one was hilarious because the original offer was 10k
and then they were like
Actually this feature were just 4,000 per hour. So I was like right fine raise our offer to 12k
And then we told her like little thing. We're like, yeah, just react to the girls have a audio and and they were like
We actually recommend not having the video and audio on so more people go into the streams
I was like
Mate, we're paying you 12,000 us dollars
And you're you're not gonna do like what we kindly ask which is be a react Andy Andy for three hours like it was
I was crazy. I cannot tell you what goes on behind the scenes. Absolutely crazy crazy crazy
But anyway, sorry, I was taking a drink of cola when oh all our models have a sleep. Are you ready for my sleep?
I do hypnosis when I sleep
Uh, would you kindly be a react and do yeah, so anyway thumbs up to everyone who did end up doing a watch long
I apologize to anyone
um
Who submitted themselves and your price was too high
I didn't even
Bother to haggle if your price was too high because I was like mate some
Um, I don't want to be mean but some of you had very interesting price points
Someone was like what's your average viewership 20 views and they asked for uh
I think it was 700 us dollars and I'm like that's that's not how it works. But thank you for your submitting yourself
I appreciate it
Uh, but yeah, and also I am so sorry if you applied uh under the veal or googled thingy
And you said you would be you would do it for free anyway
I'm sorry, but I didn't reply because you said you'd do it for free
So
to apologize
um
Oh my god, are you ever going to do a generation of guys?
Uh, no smile. This is a whammy agency. Um, I apologize
We don't do that here. Um, no, I'm absolutely nothing against male v-tubers and stuff
But the only reason you know strongy can
Stronetize is because strongy
strongy has
knowledge and experience and stuff
So I will apply it to the girls and yeah, but I'm not a guy as much as I would like to have a weenus
I'm not a guy
So I can't help guys
Can't help guys succeed
Sorry
However, I can appeal to guys
You know, but some things I say with a broken voice like yeah, I'm sure you like this voice on you
And
strongy max and honestly hold on take another drink
I've got a 2.0 to thinking
As well
I think what we'll do is I'm gonna redirect into sheebie
And then I'll pull up my uh my 2.0 where I'm just yapping about myself
Uh, right. I'm go any more questions that I can right stop typing fondle of booze up, right?
And now if I'm trying to look for questions
um
When can I buy a sheebie boob on mouse pad?
So the girl's birthdays are when they're going to do donathons and um, I actually might do an open stream
Where we can all discuss it together
Azura is the first donathon. Don't worry Azura if you're watching. I'm gonna help you through it
She doesn't really know what she's doing, but I'll help her. Um, I'm going to focus on
public rewards
I'm gonna burp again
Oh my god
Sorry, sorry. Sorry. I'm talking a lot
um
I'm going to be focusing on
Jen
The chat going not something I go through it. You see I fell off my chair
Sorry
um
What was I saying?
Uh, yes, we can work on donathon goals together. I will help the girls through it because uh, some are a bit unsure
They've never done one before hell. I've never done a donathon before
Definitely going to focus on public rewards at milestones and this is just me personally
I'm absolutely not going for anyone. Don't care what the timing is but um
Some like I've seen some donathons and the jump is like 5 000 us dollars between like the next goal
And I'm like going to be serious
Can you actually not think of one thing to do for like another 500 bucks or like another like
One of the biggest jumps I saw I think was 20 000 us dollars
I'm like you can't think of like one thing to do in between 20 000 us dollars like no
We're not doing that here
So I'm helping the girls to try and like pick through what to do for donathons and get rewards and all that thing
Uh, I don't know if it was a joke or a meme because it was like pretty crazy
um
I'd miss this but how does violour make money if almost everything goes to the talent
We got so much feedback on that. I this is terrible and I can't believe I have to say this
But we're not an agency built on corporate greed
Full stop that's the sentence
We don't have corporate greed and the running costs of an agency after you've done the start of costs of buying the models and
Getting the girls set up for stream is very low
It does not cost a lot of money to actually tell the girls to go stream like
It doesn't cost me any money right now to click go live and have a good time or to go away and record an ASMR video and upload it
I know in this day and age where corporate greed is everywhere around the corner
We're not an agency for corporate greed
I hope you understand that the 80 20 split for this year the next year if the girl signs on the 15
Like the focus on the agency is to help the girls achieve their dreams. I know it's ambitious
I know we're new and we're just out of the starting gate, but I hope no strong a yaw
fucking burn the yaw
No yaw for me because I don't buddy want one. I want the success of my daughters
Go subscribe to them. Go give them a chance. Okay
I'm not having none of this corporate greed shit in my house. Get the fuck out of here without anyway
That's just my two cents
But yes, um
The reason why the company and oh and another thing and another thing. I'm gonna get started again
Oh wait already said that they're already said that the company has been seeded the company is not in debt to banks
The company is not indebted to
The company has been seeded, which means the money was already there. It was just funneled into this one. Okay
Okay
Woohoo
Oh, what about legal staff? Are you ready for this bit? We don't even have a hr department
We just sexually harass each other for fun
Yippie
We don't have that kind of business set up
Is there's no hr so none of the girls can report to me report me if I say anything not
Sorry, I keep taking a drink of coal and then hypnotizing you real quick. That's true
I'll actually everyone gets paid. That was another thing that came up actually. Um
How this is this is actually not vtuber related. This is just human related and it's like hey, how do you get your
um
Your employees to like work and it was like, uh, actually pay them above minimum wage
Like if you go to the girls and go would you rather?
Ah
Atchoo
Okay, maybe we do slightly maybe have some sort of management. I'm fucking scared. Get out of here management
I don't run the social accounts or anything like that. My gosh. My gosh. My gosh
Okay, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I won't say anything more
Okay, okay, I call I call most of the shots I call most of the shots
Right, what was that saying? Oh, right. Yeah, if you're
I think one of the it was like the most dumbest post was like I can't get my employees to work hard type thing
And it was like, uh, yeah, because you're paying them minimum wage
Maybe if you actually make them feel like valued employees
Uh, which is where the 8020 split came in as well because I'm really sick of seeing vtuber agencies
Just being really greedy and I was like, well, I'm gonna do the opposite and I get to call the shots
So, yeah, 820 time for a black. No, not the freaking white
No, the black text on the white background. Oh my god. I'm being graduated already
Oh, it was a good run. That was a good run. See you next year when I start up the next feature break
Uh, it's 3d content plan for we need we just go out of the gates
You need to give the girls some some money if you want to get 3d models because uh, we spend a lot of money
Just get into the stage. Okay. I'm gonna be honest and you put your money where your mouth is if you want to see that content
Vsucky 2026, let's go Vsucky
That's why you guys stream on youtube instead of twitch
So twitch and youtube is like pick the lesser of two evils and from a management point of view youtube
You can manage accounts on
We regret to inform you that strongly causes me power. Oh, that's another thing. Yeah
We don't have
Uh, what's the word? I've already forgotten the word because we don't do it
What is it called when management put the talent on leave like forced leave?
What the heck is that word? I don't even know what that word is
Shadowban, yeah, we don't suspension. We don't do suspensions at vlr. So rest assured
When your vtuber is self-suspense. Yeah, we don't do that here. The girls don't get suspended
I have this terrible thing. It's called a treating people like adults
And yeah, we don't do suspensions. Uh, if the girls do a naughty, naughty, guess what?
I'm not their mom. I'm not here to spank their butt and be like, you're a naughty naughty girl. Um, so
yeah
Yeah, the girls do what they want. It's crazy
It's like if you treat people like adults then they kind of act like adults
It's a wild concept really. It's really crazy in this day and age
What if she be suspending from the ceiling?
What are your plans for youtube membership? Whatever the girls want to do for membership
They have complete control of I have I am not dictating any talents content at all
I do not dictate it. I do not tell them what to stream. I do not tell them what to do
So what they would like to do in their membership streams are completely up to them
I do not dictate. We don't dictate in this house
We treat people like adults. Why act like an adult when fondle abyssal?
It was a bad name. It was one bad name. Okay. They were all bad concept names
But give me credit for freaking emmy bezoo. Come on, man. That's such a cute name. We emmy bezoo
They say or should I say in a french accent?
Oh
Cran beat right, you know what?
It was a bad name. I admit it. It was a it was a bad name
V sucky the proper V sucky talent fondle abyssal
Stabitha marks. Oh god
Don't don't put me in the kitchen. I know I'm a woman, but don't put me in the kitchen to cook again because that was awful
Milker tip right right right. You're done. You're done. Right. Hold on
I'm gonna refresh marshmallow to answer any questions
She be caught in bum live in 30 minutes. I repeat she be caught in bum live in 30 minutes
Just so you guys can hold out
Oh
Ivan yankum avano yanko
Can't answer that one sorry, uh
Any unique chat rules or behavior guidance?
Guidances for this agency
Uh, just let the vtuber talk and uh, let the talent talk and if she doesn't like what you're saying she'll say it
But like obviously because the agency is a bit more
Uh, obviously the chat can be a bit more
Uh, yeah
No, she be's gone live in 30
I'm gonna raid into her and then I'm gonna do my two
2.0, but I don't have to be professional in it like after the stream. Oh, I'm not being very professional right now
I'm a burping into your mouth, but um
After uh, I'm just memeing as myself. I don't have to do any more official stuff
Are you rating my bird?
I'm terminated in 30 minute. You better not be
get then
uh
Would it be okay to create fan comics and post online? Absolutely the girls love any fan arts coming through as beautiful
Wait 100 duck sized ryan reynolds or 100 ryan reynolds duck sized
to keep
What what how is that agency related at all? You're just bamboozling me
Um, I know this may be jumping the gun quite a bit
But based on how you think have you already thought about gen 2 possibilities? Oh, that's a good question. Um
Uh
For the donathons of the girls one of the goals will be revealing a concept art of gen 2
I understand we've just debuted, but if I'm happy to be as open as you guys are interested
So you're welcome to ask any questions. Uh, but yeah one of uh azure's
Pfft donathons coming up and you guys can vote to reveal a design if you want up to you
um
Someone asked if it's possible. We would have a branch
Um a branch of veiler that didn't require the not-safer work
audio parts
In the nicest way
I
The cut wouldn't be the same
I just I couldn't I can't see it working out
Everything is based on what I have learned over the span of many years
of what is occurring
Tan cute and funny. I bet she
She didn't
Okay, I will tell the plan later. You can tell it on your screen if you want to but
Um
Will the patreon uploads
Be dictated by the talents. No the content is given by management
I actually have a script manager coming in place soon for the girls
If you have any audios that you don't like, please direct your grievances with me at this stage
And then you can grieve at the manager that's coming in because that can't be our stealing all the scripts
Um
Yes
The girls are not pigeonholed into one category of audios that would be impossible to get them to succeed
That is just the truth of the matter. I understand that some of the audios might not play into the thingy
But I cannae have polar bear shags you polar bear shags you again
Polar bear polar bear polar bear polar bear polar bear polar bear polar bear polar bear
Be in every single audio
Please be realistic with me
That's not gonna appeal to the masses
And at the end of the day, uh, these girls are wanting to move out. They're wanting to save money for their futures
They want to pay off debts possibly this kind of thing. So please
Please be realistic with us. Okay
Thank you. I do appreciate that
Um, is there a way to submit scripts for the talents?
Possible plausible at this point in time. I do not have a system in place like that
It is plausible in the future. Uh, you'll have to let things things need to kind of we need to level out and we need to
um
How do you call it? We need to like settle down the dust hasn't settled literally we're freaking day
debuted
Um all that kind of thing. Um
Hmm
How likely are what are off club? How likely are off collabs based on location?
You mean like the girls meeting up?
I can make it happen
I get taxed back on their travel expenses. I can make that shit happen if they want
Um
Uh, you said violour does not require the girly pops to get permission for various projects
Uh, how about showing face?
No, I don't really recommend it for him. Well, uh, so isn't male collabs?
You'll never guess what one of the unwritten rules of ours are
Uh
There ain't gonna be any males on this. How do you pronounce violour?
Well, I'm Scottish so the word I look like a luring. You're a luring violour, but
V allure
But if you ever come from a different place, yeah, like feet cam hand cam that stuff's fine. The girls don't need permission for that
Uh, you'll never see my face. Phil stop and I'm a feature. Yeah, I'd say probably face stuff is like
I'll never I'll never stop the talent but
Um
Uh
Oh, this is a good question
Have you started the agency on its own or did you get any sponsors or investors? Nope
So when the agency was becoming an agency, uh, there were actually multiple offers for like split ownership and that kind of thing
The last thing I want is anyone meddling with my girls. So absolutely not
I rejected them all. I have absolutely no interest in anyone else having
Anything to do ownership wise
Other than knowing that the girls are in my good hands. Okay
Uh, there was also whispers of like, oh, you can sell this this business on if it gets big
And let me stop you right there
I trust myself for these girls
I do not trust anyone else with these girls
So thank you for your interest in your acquisition your investment
However, if you want to invest, how about you?
invest in some
merchandise official veal or
I'm just rolling with you
Uh, why go with patreon over other
locations
It is safe to link patreon on youtube as long as everything is behind of paywall
There is a large established market on patreon
If there is ever anything to happen, there are multiple websites that can be utilized in case
Please do not worry. Okay. There are many reasons behind
Um developmental wise, but I hope it's kind of here
a
What are your plans for the future of veal or um for me personally
It is helping the girls achieve their great dreams. A lot of them were interested in 3d models
Um, definitely do that. There's a few that are interested in a few song covers
I'll help them pursue that maybe with their own original song
But my goals are the girls goals. Um, and if you mean my actual personal goals, I'll talk about that in 2.0
But my goals are the girls goals. Yeah, I want to help them be successful and be happy. Um, yeah, good life
We'll give you the inspiration to make veal or um corporate greed hate
We hate corporate greed
That's my sense
And
I keep seeing people say welcome back. Did you used to be a feature bar before this?
Um
I'm straw any cuttles. Let's leave it at that. Okay
I'm straw any cuttles and I'm very happy to be here
And if you're a fan of me, you may like to refer to yourself as a refling
And it's a good life. Okay, and thank you guys for being respectful and letting me
Let me be straw any
much happy
Uh petition to name your Celtic alternative your scottl fish out there. Oh, that's really creative
Right, sorry. I should have should have read that should have read that as a as a straw. And let's see if there's any questions
um
I think that's all the agency questions unless of refresh and there's like a billion more. Oh
That's a lot more questions. I just came through if I didn't say um
We've got 20 minute timer for shibu
Shibu de toilet. All right. Sorry. I'm sorry though. If emmy didn't say that
If emmy didn't say shibu de toilet, I would never have said that myself. I'm so sorry
It was emmy blame emmy. It was emmy. She started it
She started it
Oh my god, I never even told you the funniest thing. So, uh, we had our like we were together for two months before we debuted
And the weirdest thing ever was like, uh instead of like their meetings where like the girls got to know each other
I was like, right. Let's go play among us together for the first time
Oh, so we were like freaking a zero was absolutely smoking us. So I'm going to recalibrate my little leech ever. Hold on my mic
Okay, there we go. My mic's a bit better than my mic
Um, yeah, we had to like do forced among like for your game
Hey, let me try to say to like make everyone comfortable around each other. Yeah, we played like whiplash
Um, this game where like you can I can't remember the title of it, but it was like really good. It was fun
um
Sorry, I just had a little
Jack box that was it. We played like jack box together and stuff
um
Are the girls free to collab whoever they want?
Yes, asterix
As long as I've no got a willy
I don't care who they collab with we can go nuts for all I care
Why are the girls so cute? Is that part of your hypnosis? Have I trained you?
Trained you to like the girl
Uh, how open to merch suggestions? Are you from fans like design ideas and such go for it? But the
You know this this agency's kind of
I'm gonna I need to word my words careful word my words carefully. I am I need to word myself carefully
but most like
I want to say most agencies aren't so open and taking feedback
Whereas like I want to say like
Hey, we've literally just started. Of course, we're gonna fuck up here and there something's gonna go wrong
But like we're open to suggestions like oh, I think this is a good idea. I think that's a good idea
You know
I want to say that
And
Someone says do the talents own the games on the steam account. Oh fucking course
Did you buy the game surprise surprise you get to keep it very very very hard concept
for some people to comprehend but
Yeah, the talents if they buy it they keep it crazy concept. I know truly
Mindfongling
Who came up with mersey's design?
Everything is by squishy girl. The website's getting an update
It's actually taken quite long to to produce the update because there's quite a lot of information that's going to be in it
So give us a hot second to produce that
um
Supposing that someone has an edit in portfolio, can they apply for a video editor?
Yeah, uh clippers editors. Um, I want to try and do a clipping program
Where you get money very like idle. I'm not even gonna like say otherwise
Adel do a clipping program where if you clip the girl every thousand views you get a dollar type thing
I'm quite interested in that style because you're not forced to only clip us you can clip whoever you want on the side
and obviously
Need a wee bit of money to come back in before I can do something like that
But I really do like the concept of it. Very good. Very nice. Very good
Um, I like it very much
Uh
Sorry, I'm just I'm just reading some of the questions. I can't say it loud as I read it because it's you know
Um
Sorry, I'm reading I'm reading just in case
Uh
Hold on. Hold on. I'm reading. I'm reading. I'm reading. You guys are just saying inappropriate stuff about
sorry the guy the the talent the
comments are like
I would do this to ac I would do this to emi and I'm like
But that's not a question about the agency
How long did it take to get the hired selection progress process? Oh my god
Oh my god, you've just activated my neurons
So the the application pool was open for a month
And then the way the twitter said like in 48 hours or something you're gonna get an email
And someone was like, oh my god, there's no way they're gonna go through all those applications in two days
No, you idiot
You
Numpty of course we were going through the applications as they came in
You genuinely thought
That when they close is when agencies go through them
Come on
Rub those brain cells together
You genuinely think that agencies
Close applications and then start going through them. No
I had a freaking battle royale tier system going on for the girls
goodness gravy
Goodness gravy some of the comments come on me. I'm no very smart myself, but the moon man you're taking my pass
Uh, are there rules surrounding clipping the talents? Absolutely not go nuts knock yourself out
Thank you because it costs a lot to pay for clipping
Um, will you ever hire programmers sadly? I don't need a programmer. It's just fix
Hey
Battle royale tier system. Okay, right. I can to you can talk about this
So as the applications came in if I found a girl that was suitable
I would pick out the model for you
And there was first place second place third place
but
The choices were so like obvious to me if it made sense like
Emmy was Emmy. I see was I see, you know, like the choices were so obvious that it was like do the interview
And you're in type thing. Uh, I have a no bullshit apology. I have a no bullshit approach to interviews
So and the girls can talk about it if they so desire. I basically
Went into the interview with them and I said
Right off the bat. I said, hey
We want you as a talent. You absolutely do not have to impress me in this call
Okay, you don't have to impress me. I want you already
Here's a list of stuff that you need to know before you sign on if you want to sign on. Okay
Did you have a lot of candidates for fondlet? No, Azura was the only like there was no one else for Azura
If Zura rejected that position. I was up shit creek. I'm not even fucking saying nothing
Yeah
angry scottish is more
um
but yeah, uh
Within like 24 hours people were emailed and that was it
Are you going are your models gonna stick? Oh, sorry. Are you in the
Models stick to these avatar
Hey
You mean like new outfits and stuff now the girls can get new outfits or 2.0 or whatever or 3d models perfectly fine with me
Um
Uh
Are you ever worried about your relationship with the girls considering your gen mates and a boss funny you mentioned that I told them
in the interview
Don't call me boss. Don't refer to me as your boss. Do not think of me as your boss
I am not your boss
Don't ever place me above you mentally in your head. I do not want that
I am the creative director
wink wink
So they do not call me boss. They do not call me superior
Yes, she V called me boss ma'am and I was like no, please don't ever
Like do that because I don't want anyone thinking in their head like oh my god. I can't approach her. I can't talk to her
No, I don't want that
I don't like them
I don't want anyone to ever think that I am superior to them in any way unless it's their kink
I said it I said it
Um
Let me check let me
Um
Also at the end of the day, I'm not really a boss anymore
Like now that debuts are over everything's like up to the girl
The only boss thing really is like hey, have you recorded that?
Audio for patreon. Yes or no, and then that's it
There's nothing else to it
Um
So yeah leader
Yeah, uh, basically just tell them like hey, I did this and I'll show them stats and stuff
And I'm like this is what I think you should do
but they don't really ask for advice because
Uh, I'll mention I'll repeat this again
All the girls have more streaming experience than me
So it's really hypocritical for me to be like hey go stream this go stream that no I have full faith in these girls
Uh, they are absolutely fantastic. They're lovely everything. I have absolutely no problems
I have complete faith in them and absolutely nothing is worrisome at all. So
Yeah
She goes live in eight minutes
Hold on let me get confirmation that I raid into she be's 2.0
Um for those of you
Who would like to part ways and join she be's 2.0?
Please absolutely do
Uh, I will also be doing my 2.0 at the exact same time, but I am in uh
I highly recommend you do she burs she sturs
um because she is nothing but an angel and uh
I would love you to support my daughters over me. This is the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth
What's my 2.0? I'm I'm gonna answer questions about myself and stuff, but this is kind of more agency focus
Yeah
Um
Someone asked do you have plans for auditions for gen 2?
My guy
We debuted yesterday
Unless you're actually interested in joining the agency that's different. Um the
We were a year away from
My focus is on helping these girls achieve their dreams and seeing where we go
You know, you need to let let they've literally just been birthed from my lines
Give them a chance to like, you know get their their knee joints working and all that jazz
Yeah, let's everyone cook first, but it's it's a year away. Um, that we're
Yeah
That's
Okay, any questions on youtube because
Marshmallow drying up like my voice box. Honestly, whose voice is it?
You've invested a lot of money into this understand that the marriage goes to the girls, but how exactly do you recoup your investment?
me
I keep 100% of what I
Uh
Don't worry about like thank you very much for worrying about investment costs and stuff, but like this this is big
This is again, not for greed
This is for me to do my thing and I have five lovely girls who I also recommend
And I want them to be able to do their thing
And yeah
Let them cook man. I'll cook don't don't worry about the money. Okay. Don't worry about the money some things in life are
more important than
great
And I don't mean you're implying that I'm greedy because obviously everyone wants to return on investment if you will but
Let's just have a good time. Like I'm playing Assassin's Creed tomorrow
I'm going to tell you about that some of the developmental lore of that game
I'm going to tell you a little tip bits about glitches that occur in that game. I'm just here for a good time
Okay
Uh
When was velar started? Uh, it's been a one year
Development. Uh, actually I'm going to give you the name of the song the girls were
Uh, I was the girls were concepted. Oh god. Was it?
All right, this is the song. Sorry. I just completely went off in my head
This is the song the girls, uh, were birthed to
one year ago
This song so open that up in a oh should be started
Is we cheaper start is to be cheaper started. Okay. Okay. Are there any games that can't be played?
Uh
For legal reason? No
Because we're not a Japanese based company
We don't have to worry about that copyright shit that other agencies are like fucking tied to
It's not a rec roll
So that's the song that the girls were made to see and give a listen to uh, I am going to end the stream
Because shuby cotton bum is streaming and she's going to talk about 2.0
I'm going to boot back up my 2.0 where I'm just going to ramble
literally about everything
Um, so thank you all so much for the interest in the agency
Please do support shuby and don't be afraid to like and subscribble
Subscribble
I know I'm not a squid but scub squibble. Do you know what I'm trying to say? How would you spell that scub squibble?
Please squib squibble
Yeah, don't be don't be shy to like and subscribe. Uh, and don't be shy to do on the other girls as well. Not yourself out
Uh, but scub squibble
I'm gonna end it now and you'll be redirected automatically into shiby cotton bum
Okay, why could you shub squibble? Oh, no, I'm just turning on a lollipop. Right. Right. I end. Please enjoy shiby
Thank you all so much for hanging. I appreciate it greatly and enjoy fun to lipism forever
Be sucky 2026
Let's go
